#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 08.01 22:21 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 18649 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                                            # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_atomic_reconstructor.*               # (default: true) BREAK Atomic Reconstructor
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_battery_box.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Battery Box
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_bio_reactor.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Bio Reactor
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_black_lotus.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Black Lotus
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_breaker.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Auto-Breaker
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_canola.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Canola Plant
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_canola_oil.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Canola Oil
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_canola_press.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Canola Press
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_chiseled_quartz_slab.*               # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_chiseled_quartz_stair.*              # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_chiseled_quartz_wall.*               # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_coal_generator.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Coal Generator
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_coffee.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Coffee Plant
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_coffee_machine.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Coffee Maker
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp.name
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp_on.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp_on.name
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_compost.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Compost
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_crystal.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.actuallyadditions.block_crystal.name
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_coal.*               # (default: true) BREAK Black Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_diamond.*            # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_emerald.*            # (default: true) BREAK Green Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_iron.*               # (default: true) BREAK White Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_lapis.*              # (default: true) BREAK Blue Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_redstone.*           # (default: true) BREAK Red Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_empowered.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_empowered.name
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_oil.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Crystallized Oil
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_directional_breaker.*                # (default: true) BREAK Long-Range Breaker
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_display_stand.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Display Stand
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_dropper.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Automatic Precision Dropper
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_empowered_oil.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Empowered Oil
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_empowerer.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Empowerer
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_energizer.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Energizer
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_enervator.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Enervator
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_farmer.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Farmer
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_feeder.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Automatic Feeder
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_fermenting_barrel.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Fermenting Barrel
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_firework_box.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Firework Box
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_fishing_net.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Fishing Net
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_flax.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Flax Plant
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_fluid_collector.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Collector
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_fluid_placer.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Placer
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_furnace_double.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Powered Furnace
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_furnace_solar.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Solar Panel
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_giant_chest.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Small Storage Crate
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_giant_chest_large.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Large Storage Crate
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_giant_chest_medium.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Medium Storage Crate
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_greenhouse_glass.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Greenhouse Glass
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_grinder.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Crusher
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_grinder_double.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Double Crusher
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_heat_collector.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Heat Collector
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_inputter.*                           # (default: true) BREAK ESD
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_inputter_advanced.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Advanced ESD
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_item_repairer.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Item Repairer
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_item_viewer.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Item Interface
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_item_viewer_hopping.*                # (default: true) BREAK Hopping Item Interface
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_lamp_powerer.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Lamp Controller
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Energy Laser Relay
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_advanced.*               # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Energy Laser Relay
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_extreme.*                # (default: true) BREAK Extreme Energy Laser Relay
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_fluids.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Fluid Laser Relay
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_item.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Item Laser Relay
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_item_whitelist.*         # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Item Laser Relay
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_lava_factory_controller.*            # (default: true) BREAK Lava Factory Controller
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_leaf_generator.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Leaf-Eating Generator
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_miner.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Vertical Digger
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_misc.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.actuallyadditions.block_misc.name
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_oil_generator.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Oil Generator
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_booster.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Phantom Booster
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_breaker.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Phantom Breaker
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_energyface.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Phantom Energyface
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_liquiface.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Phantom Liquiface
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_placer.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Phantom Placer
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_redstoneface.*               # (default: true) BREAK Phantom Redstoneface
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_phantomface.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Phantomface
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_pillar_quartz_slab.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Black Quartz Pillar Slab
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_pillar_quartz_stair.*                # (default: true) BREAK Black Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_pillar_quartz_wall.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Black Quartz Pillar Wall
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_placer.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Auto-Placer
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_player_interface.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Player Interface
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_quartz_slab.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_quartz_stair.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_quartz_wall.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_ranged_collector.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Ranged Collector
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_refined_canola_oil.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Refined Canola Oil
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_rice.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Rice Plant
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_shock_suppressor.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Shock Absorber
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_smiley_cloud.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Smiley Cloud
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_fence.*          # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Green Wall
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_slab.*           # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Green Slab
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_stairs.*         # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Green Stairs
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_wall.*           # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Green Block
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_fence.*          # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Quartz Wall
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_slab.*           # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Quartz Slab
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_stairs.*         # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_wall.*           # (default: true) BREAK Ethetic Quartz
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_tiny_torch.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Tiny Torch
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_treasure_chest.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Treasure Chest
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_wild.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.actuallyadditions.block_wild.name
fe.protection.break.actuallyadditions.block_xp_solidifier.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Experience Solidifier
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.cable_bus.*                              # (default: true) BREAK AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.cell_workbench.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Cell Workbench
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.charged_quartz_ore.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.charger.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Charger
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.chest.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK ME Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_block.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.*            # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_slab.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_stairs.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.condenser.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Matter Condenser
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.controller.*                             # (default: true) BREAK ME Controller
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_accelerator.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Co-Processing Unit
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_monitor.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_16k.*                   # (default: true) BREAK 16k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_1k.*                    # (default: true) BREAK 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_4k.*                    # (default: true) BREAK 4k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_64k.*                   # (default: true) BREAK 64k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_unit.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Unit
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crank.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Crank
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.creative_energy_cell.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.dense_energy_cell.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.drive.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK ME Drive
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.energy_acceptor.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.energy_cell.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.fluid_interface.*                        # (default: true) BREAK ME Fluid Interface
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.fluix_block.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.fluix_slab.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.fluix_stairs.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.grindstone.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.inscriber.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Inscriber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.interface.*                              # (default: true) BREAK ME Interface
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.io_port.*                                # (default: true) BREAK ME IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.light_detector.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.matrix_frame.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Matrix Frame
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.molecular_assembler.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.paint.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.paint.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quantum_link.*                           # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quantum_ring.*                           # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_block.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_fixture.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_glass.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_growth_accelerator.*              # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_ore.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.*              # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_slab.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_stairs.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_slab.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_stairs.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_vibrant_glass.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.security_station.*                       # (default: true) BREAK ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_compass.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_block.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.*            # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_slab.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_stairs.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_chest.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_slab.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.*      # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_slab.*             # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_stairs.*           # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_block.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_chest.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.*           # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_slab.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_stairs.*                # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.spatial_io_port.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.spatial_pylon.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tiny_tnt.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Tiny TNT
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.vibration_chamber.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.wireless_access_point.*                  # (default: true) BREAK ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.bell.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Desk Bell
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.case.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.clock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cookie Jar
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.desk.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dinner Plate
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Disc Rack
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.label.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Painting Press
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Printing Press
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.seat.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.table.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Typesetting Table
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ash_block.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ash Block
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.bamboo.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.bamboo_thatching.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Thatching
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.biome_block.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.blood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.blue_fire.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blue Fire
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.bramble_plant.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Bramble
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.cherry_door_block.*                            # (default: true) BREAK item.cherry_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.cherry_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.coral.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.coral.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.crystal.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.dirt.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.double_other_slab.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_other_slab.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.double_plant.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_plant.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_0.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_1.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.dried_sand.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dried Sand
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ebony_door_block.*                             # (default: true) BREAK item.ebony_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ebony Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Ebony Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ebony_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ebony Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK item.ethereal_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ethereal_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door_block.*                        # (default: true) BREAK item.eucalyptus_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_stairs.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.farmland_0.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.farmland_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.farmland_1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.farmland_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.fir_door_block.*                               # (default: true) BREAK item.fir_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.fir_fence.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fir Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.fir_fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.fir_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.flesh.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Flesh
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.flower_0.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.flower_1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.gem_block.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.gem_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.gem_ore.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.gem_ore.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.grass.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.grass_path.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.grass_path.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hard_ice.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Ice
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK item.hellbark_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Hellbark Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Hellbark Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hellbark_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hive.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.hive.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.honey.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.honey_block.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Honey Block
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hot_spring_water.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ivy.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ivy
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door_block.*                         # (default: true) BREAK item.jacaranda_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Jacaranda Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Jacaranda Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_stairs.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_0.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_2.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_3.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_3.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_4.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_4.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_5.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_5.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_6.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_6.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.log_0.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.log_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.log_1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.log_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.log_2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.log_2.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.log_3.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.log_3.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.log_4.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.log_4.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.magic_door_block.*                             # (default: true) BREAK item.magic_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.magic_fence.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magic Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.magic_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Magic Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.magic_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK item.mahogany_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mahogany Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Mahogany Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mahogany_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK item.mangrove_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mangrove_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mud.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.mud.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_stairs.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mushroom.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.other_slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.other_slab.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.palm_door_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK item.palm_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.palm_fence.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Palm Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.palm_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Palm Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.palm_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.pine_door_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK item.pine_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.pine_fence.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pine Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.pine_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Pine Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.pine_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.planks_0.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.plant_0.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.plant_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.plant_1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.plant_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.poison.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.redwood_door_block.*                           # (default: true) BREAK item.redwood_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.redwood_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door_block.*                        # (default: true) BREAK item.sacred_oak_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Sacred Oak Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sacred Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_stairs.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sand.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sapling_0.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sapling_1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sapling_2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling_2.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.seaweed.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.seaweed.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.terrarium.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.terrarium.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.umbran_door_block.*                            # (default: true) BREAK item.umbran_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Umbran Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Umbran Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.umbran_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Umbran Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.waterlily.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.white_sand.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK White Sand
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.white_sandstone.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) BREAK White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.willow_door_block.*                            # (default: true) BREAK item.willow_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.willow_fence.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Willow Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.willow_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.willow_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.willow_vine.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Willow Vine
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_0.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_1.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.break.botania.alchemycatalyst.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.break.botania.alfheimportal.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.break.botania.altar.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.altar.name
fe.protection.break.botania.altgrass.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.break.botania.animatedtorch.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.animatedTorch.name
fe.protection.break.botania.avatar.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.break.botania.bellows.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.break.botania.bifrost.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.break.botania.bifrostperm.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.break.botania.bifrostpermpane.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea0slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea0slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea0stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea0wall.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea10slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea10slabfull.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea10stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea11slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea11slabfull.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea11stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea12slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea12slabfull.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea12stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea13slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea13slabfull.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea13stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea14slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea14slabfull.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea14stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea15slab.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea15slabfull.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea15stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea1slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea1slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea1stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea2slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea2slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea2stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea3slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea3slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea3stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea4slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea4slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea4stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea5slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea5slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea5stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea6slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea6slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea6stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea7slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea7slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea7stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea8slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea8slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea8stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea9slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea9slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestonea9stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb0slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb0slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb0stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb1slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb1slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb1stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb2slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb2slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb2stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb3slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb3slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb3stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb4slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb4slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb4stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb5slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb5slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb5stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb6slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb6slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb6stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb7slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb7slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.biomestoneb7stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.blazeblock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.brewery.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.break.botania.buriedpetals.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.break.botania.cacophoniumblock.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.cellblock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.cocoon.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.break.botania.conjurationcatalyst.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.break.botania.corporeacrystalcube.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.break.botania.corporeafunnel.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.break.botania.corporeaindex.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.break.botania.corporeainterceptor.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.break.botania.corporearetainer.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.break.botania.custombrick.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.break.botania.distributor.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.distributor.name
fe.protection.break.botania.doubleflower1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.break.botania.doubleflower2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood0slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood0slabfull.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood0stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood0wall.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood1slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood1slabfull.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.dreamwood1stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.elfglass.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.break.botania.elfglasspane.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.break.botania.enchantedsoil.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.break.botania.enchanter.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.break.botania.endereyeblock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.fakeair.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.break.botania.felpumpkin.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.break.botania.floatingspecialflower.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.break.botania.flower.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower.name
fe.protection.break.botania.forestdrum.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.break.botania.foresteye.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.break.botania.gaiaheadblock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.break.botania.ghostrail.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.break.botania.hourglass.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.break.botania.incenseplate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.break.botania.lightlauncher.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.break.botania.lightrelay.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock0slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock0slabfull.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock0stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock0wall.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock1slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock1slabfull.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingrock1stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood0slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood0slabfull.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood0stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood0wall.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood1slab.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood1slabfull.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.livingwood1stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.manabomb.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.break.botania.manadetector.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.break.botania.manaflame.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.break.botania.managlass.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.break.botania.managlasspane.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.break.botania.manavoid.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.break.botania.miniisland.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.break.botania.mushroom.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.botania.opencrate.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement0slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement0slabfull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement0stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement1slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement1slabfull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement1stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement2slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement2slabfull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement2stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement3slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement3slabfull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement3stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement4slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement4slabfull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement4stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement5slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement5slabfull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pavement5stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.petalblock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pistonrelay.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.break.botania.platform.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.platform.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pool.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pool.name
fe.protection.break.botania.prism.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.prism.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pump.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pump.name
fe.protection.break.botania.pylon.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabblazefull.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabblazehalf.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabdarkfull.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabdarkhalf.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabelffull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabelfhalf.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslablavenderfull.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslablavenderhalf.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabmanafull.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabmanahalf.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabredfull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabredhalf.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabsunnyfull.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzslabsunnyhalf.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzstairsblaze.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzstairsdark.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzstairself.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzstairslavender.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzstairsmana.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzstairsred.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartzstairssunny.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartztypeblaze.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartztypedark.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartztypeelf.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartztypelavender.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartztypemana.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartztypered.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.break.botania.quartztypesunny.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.break.botania.redstringcomparator.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.break.botania.redstringcontainer.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.break.botania.redstringdispenser.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.break.botania.redstringfertilizer.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.break.botania.redstringinterceptor.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.break.botania.redstringrelay.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.break.botania.rfgenerator.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.break.botania.root.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.root.name
fe.protection.break.botania.runealtar.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerrock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerrock0slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerrock0slabfull.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerrock0stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerwoodplanks.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slab.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slabfull.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0stairs.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.break.botania.shinyflower.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.break.botania.solidvine.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.break.botania.sparkchanger.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.break.botania.spawnerclaw.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.break.botania.specialflower.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.break.botania.spreader.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.break.botania.starfield.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.break.botania.storage.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.storage.name
fe.protection.break.botania.terraplate.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.break.botania.teruterubozu.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.break.botania.tinyplanetblock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.break.botania.tinypotato.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.break.botania.turntable.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.break.chickenchunks.chunk_loader.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.chickenchunks:chunk_loader.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.antiblock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Antiblock
fe.protection.break.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Auto Chisel
fe.protection.break.chisel.basalt.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.basalt1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.basalt2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockbronze.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bronze
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockcopper.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Copper
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Electrum
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockgold.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockinvar.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Invar
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockiron.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocklead.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Lead
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocknickel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Nickel
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Platinum
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocksilver.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Silver
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocksteel.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Steel
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocktin.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tin
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockuranium.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Uranium
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bricks.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bricks1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bricks2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.brownstone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_black.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Black Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Brown Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_green.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Green Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lime Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Orange Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pink Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Purple Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_red.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Red Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_white.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.cloud.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cloud
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_black.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Black Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_black1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Black Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_black2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Black Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Brown Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Brown Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Brown Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_green.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Green Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_green1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Green Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_green2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Green Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lime Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lime Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lime Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_orange.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Orange Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Orange Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Orange Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pink Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pink Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pink Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_purple.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Purple Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purple Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purple Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_red.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Red Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_white.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_white1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_white2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.diamond.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.dirt.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.chisel.emerald.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.chisel.endstone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Endstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.endstone1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Endstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.endstone2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Endstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.factory.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.factory1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futura.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Futura Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK White Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.icepillar.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.ironpane.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.chisel.laboratory.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lapis.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marblepillar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherbrick.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Nether Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherrack.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.chisel.paper.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Paper Wall
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-birch.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Birch Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-oak.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Oak Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.prismarine.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.chisel.prismarine1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.chisel.prismarine2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.quartz.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quartz
fe.protection.break.chisel.quartz1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quartz
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebrick.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technicalnew.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.temple.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.templemossy.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.tyrian.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Tyrian
fe.protection.break.chisel.valentines.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Valentines' Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_black.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Black Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_blue.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_brown.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Brown Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_gray.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_green.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Green Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_lime.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lime Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_orange.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Orange Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_pink.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pink Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_purple.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Purple Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_red.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Red Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_white.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Wool
fe.protection.break.conarm.armorforge.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Armor Forge
fe.protection.break.conarm.armorstation.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Armor Station
fe.protection.break.conarm.soft_obsidian.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unstable Obsidian
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcborder.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Border
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcbuilderblock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Builder Block
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npccarpentybench.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Carpentry Bench
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npccopyblock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Copy Block
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcmailbox.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mailbox
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcredstoneblock.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Block
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcscripted.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Scripted Block
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcscripteddoor.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK item.npcscripteddoor.name
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcwaypoint.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Location Quest Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.almond_sapling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Almond Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Apiary
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.apple_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Apple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.apricot_sapling.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.aridgarden.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Arid Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.avocado_sapling.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.banana_sapling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Banana Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Beehive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.breadfruit_sapling.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Breadfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK White Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco10.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco11.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Purple Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco12.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco13.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Brown Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco14.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Green Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco15.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Red Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco16.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Black Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Orange Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco3.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco4.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco5.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco6.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lime Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco7.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pink Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco8.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco9.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.carrotcake.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Carrot Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cashew_sapling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cheesecake.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cherry_sapling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecake.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.chestnut_sapling.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecake.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cinnamon_sapling.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.coconut_sapling.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.date_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Date Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.dragonfruit_sapling.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.durian_sapling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Durian Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.fig_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fig Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.frostgarden.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Frost Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.gooseberry_sapling.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.grapefruit_sapling.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.grinder.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Grinder
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.groundtrap.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ground Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.guava_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Guava Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.hazelnut_sapling.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Hazelnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.holidaycake.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Holiday Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.honey.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Honey Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.honeycomb.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Honeycomb Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.jackfruit_sapling.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Jackfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.lamingtoncake.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lamington
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.lemon_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.lime_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lime Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.lychee_sapling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Lychee Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.mango_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mango Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.maple_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Maple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.market.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Market
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.nutmeg_sapling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.olive_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Olive Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.orange_sapling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Orange Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamagavecrop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamagavecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamalmond.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Almond
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamamaranthcrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamamaranthcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamapple.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Apple
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamapricot.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Apricot
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamarrowrootcrop.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamarrowrootcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamartichokecrop.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamartichokecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamasparaguscrop.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamasparaguscrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamavocado.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Avocado
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambambooshootcrop.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambambooshootcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambanana.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Banana
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambarleycrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambarleycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeancrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambeancrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeetcrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambeetcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambellpeppercrop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambellpeppercrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblackberrycrop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamblackberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblueberrycrop.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamblueberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambreadfruit.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Breadfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambroccolicrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambroccolicrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutcrop.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambrusselsproutcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcabbagecrop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcabbagecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitcrop.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcactusfruitcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleberrycrop.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcandleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupecrop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcantaloupecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcashew.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cashew
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcassavacrop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcassavacrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowercrop.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcauliflowercrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcelerycrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcelerycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcherry.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cherry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchestnut.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchickpeacrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamchickpeacrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchilipeppercrop.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamchilipeppercrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcinnamon.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoconut.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Coconut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeancrop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcoffeebeancrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcorncrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcorncrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcottoncrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcottoncrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcranberrycrop.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcranberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcucumbercrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcucumbercrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafcrop.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcurryleafcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Date
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruit.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdurian.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Durian
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pameggplantcrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pameggplantcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamelderberrycrop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamelderberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamfig.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Fig
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamflaxcrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamflaxcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgarliccrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamgarliccrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgigapicklecrop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamgigapicklecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgingercrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamgingercrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgooseberry.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Gooseberry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapecrop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamgrapecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruit.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgreengrapecrop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamgreengrapecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamguava.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Guava
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamhazelnut.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Hazelnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamhuckleberrycrop.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamhuckleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamjackfruit.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Jackfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamjicamacrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamjicamacrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamjutecrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamjutecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamkalecrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamkalecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamkenafcrop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamkenafcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamkiwicrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamkiwicrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamkohlrabicrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamkohlrabicrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamleekcrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamleekcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlemon.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lemon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlentilcrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamlentilcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlettucecrop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamlettucecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlime.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lime
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlychee.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lychee
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammango.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Mango
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammaple.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Maple Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammilletcrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pammilletcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammulberrycrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pammulberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammustardseedscrop.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pammustardseedscrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamnutmeg.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamoatscrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamoatscrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamokracrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamokracrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamolive.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Olive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamonioncrop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamonioncrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamorange.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Orange
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampapaya.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Papaya
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampaperbark.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamparsnipcrop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamparsnipcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampassionfruit.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Passionfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampawpaw.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pawpaw
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeach.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Peach
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeanutcrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pampeanutcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampear.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pear
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeascrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pampeascrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampecan.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pecan
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeppercorn.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampersimmon.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampineapplecrop.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.pampineapplecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampistachio.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamplum.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Plum
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampomegranate.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamquinoacrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamquinoacrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamradishcrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamradishcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrambutan.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rambutan
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamraspberrycrop.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamraspberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbcrop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamrhubarbcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamricecrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamricecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrutabagacrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamrutabagacrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamryecrop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamryecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamscallioncrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamscallioncrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamseaweedcrop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamseaweedcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedscrop.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamsesameseedscrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsisalcrop.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamsisalcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsoursop.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Soursop
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsoybeancrop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamsoybeancrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafcrop.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamspiceleafcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspiderweb.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Spider Web
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspinachcrop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamspinachcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstarfruit.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstrawberrycrop.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamstrawberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatocrop.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamsweetpotatocrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtamarind.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Tamarind
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtarocrop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamtarocrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtealeafcrop.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamtealeafcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtomatocrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamtomatocrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamturnipcrop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamturnipcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamvanillabean.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwalnut.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Walnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutcrop.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamwaterchestnutcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomcrop.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamwhitemushroomcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashcrop.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamwintersquashcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamzucchinicrop.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamzucchinicrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.papaya_sapling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.paperbark_sapling.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.passionfruit_sapling.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Passion Fruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pavlovacake.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pavlova
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pawpaw_sapling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Pawpaw Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.peach_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Peach Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pear_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pear Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pecan_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.peppercorn_sapling.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.persimmon_sapling.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncake.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pistachio_sapling.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.plum_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Plum Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pomegranate_sapling.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pressedwax.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Pressed Wax Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.presser.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Presser
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecake.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.rambutan_sapling.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Rambutan Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.redvelvetcake.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.shadedgarden.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Shaded Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.shippingbin.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Shipping Bin
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.soggygarden.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Soggy Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.soursop_sapling.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Soursop Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.spiderweb_sapling.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Spider Web Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.starfruit_sapling.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.tamarind_sapling.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Tamarind Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.vanillabean_sapling.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.walnut_sapling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.waterfilter.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Water Filter
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.watertrap.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Water Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.waxcomb.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Waxcomb Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.well.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Well
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.windygarden.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Windy Garden
fe.protection.break.ichunutil.compact_porkchop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Compact Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.basicblock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.basicblock2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.boundingblock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bounding Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.cardboardbox.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cardboard Box
fe.protection.break.mekanism.energycube.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.gastank.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.glowpanel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Glow Panel
fe.protection.break.mekanism.glowplasticblock.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.machineblock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.machineblock2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.machineblock3.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.obsidiantnt.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.break.mekanism.oreblock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.plasticblock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.plasticfence.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.break.mekanism.reinforcedplasticblock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.roadplasticblock.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Road
fe.protection.break.mekanism.saltblock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Salt Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.slickplasticblock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.transmitter.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.Transmitter.name
fe.protection.break.mekanismgenerators.generator.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.break.mekanismgenerators.reactor.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.break.mekanismgenerators.reactorglass.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Activator Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Air
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.barrier.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Warding Aura
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.bed.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beetroots.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Beetroots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_door.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Birch Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Birch Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bone_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bone Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Brewing Stand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Carpet
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Chain Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Chorus Flower
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Chorus Plant
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.concrete.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Detector Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Plant
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_rod.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK End Rod
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Oak Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Frosted Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Powered Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass_path.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Grass Path
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.magma.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Magma Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.observer.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Observer
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.break.minecraft.prismarine.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quartz
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Flower
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Oak Sapling
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sea Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.slime.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Slime Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_banner.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK White Banner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.structure_block.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Structure Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.structure_void.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Structure Void
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK White Banner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) BREAK White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) BREAK White Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Oak Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Flower
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.oreberries.aluminum_oreberry_bush.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Aluminum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.oreberries.copper_oreberry_bush.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Copper Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.oreberries.essence_oreberry_bush.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Essence Berry Bush
fe.protection.break.oreberries.gold_oreberry_bush.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Gold Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.oreberries.iron_oreberry_bush.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Iron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.oreberries.tin_oreberry_bush.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Tin Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.pewter.molten_elementium.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Elementium
fe.protection.break.pewter.molten_manasteel.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.break.pewter.molten_osmium.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Molten Osmium
fe.protection.break.pewter.molten_terrasteel.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.break.pewter.molten_thaumium.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Thaumium
fe.protection.break.pewter.molten_voidmetal.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Void Metal
fe.protection.break.pewter.pewterfluid.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK fluid.other.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.blood.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK fluid.blood.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.blueslime.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*                # (default: true) BREAK Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.casting.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.channel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Casting Channel
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.faucet.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Faucet
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.firewood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.glow.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Glow
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.metal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.milk.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_alubrass.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_aluminum.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Ardite
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_brass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Brass
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Bronze
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Clay
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Copper
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_electrum.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Electrum
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Emerald
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Glass
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Gold
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Iron
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_lead.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Lead
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_nickel.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Nickel
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_silver.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Silver
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Steel
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Seared Stone
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_tin.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Molten Tin
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_zinc.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Zinc
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.ore.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.punji.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Punji Sticks
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.rack.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.soil.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stone Ladder
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone Torch
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.toolforge.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tool Forge
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.tooltables.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Rail
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.wooden_hopper.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Hopper
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.activator_rail.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Activator Rail
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.alembic.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Alembic
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.amber_block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Amber Block
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.amber_brick.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Amber Bricks
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.arcane_ear.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Ear
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.arcane_ear_toggle.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Ear (Toggle)
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Workbench
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench_charger.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Workbench Charger
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_black.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Black Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_blue.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blue Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_brown.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Brown Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_crimson_cult.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Crimson Cult Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_gray.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Gray Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_green.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Green Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_lightblue.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_lime.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lime Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_orange.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Orange Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_pink.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pink Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_purple.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Purple Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_red.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Red Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_silver.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_white.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK White Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.barrier.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Warding Aura
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.bellows.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.brain_box.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mnemonic Matrix
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_black.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Black Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_blue.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_brown.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Brown Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_gray.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_green.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Green Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_lightblue.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_lime.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lime Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_orange.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Orange Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_pink.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pink Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_purple.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Purple Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_red.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Red Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_silver.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_white.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK White Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.centrifuge.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Centrifuge
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.cinderpearl.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cinderpearl
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.condenser.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Flux Condenser
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice_dirty.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Clogged Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crucible.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Crucible
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_aer.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Air Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_aqua.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Water Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_ignis.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fire Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_ordo.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Order Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_perditio.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Entropy Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_terra.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Earth Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_vitium.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Flux Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.dioptra.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Dioptra
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.effect_glimmer.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Glimmer
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.effect_sap.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sapping Field
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.effect_shock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Static Field
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.empty.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Empty Space
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.essentia_input.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Filling Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.essentia_output.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Emptying Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.everfull_urn.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Everfull Urn
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.flesh_block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Flesh
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.flux_goo.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Flux Goo
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.golem_builder.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Golem Press
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.grass_ambient.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ambient Grass Block
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.hole.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Tear
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.hungry_chest.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Hungry Chest
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.infernal_furnace.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.infusion_matrix.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Runic Matrix
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.inlay.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.jar_brain.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Brain in a Jar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.jar_normal.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Warded Jar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.jar_void.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Void Jar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.lamp_arcane.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Lamp
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.lamp_fertility.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lamp of Fertility
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.lamp_growth.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lamp of Growth  
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.leaves_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.leaves_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.levitator.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.liquid_death.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Death
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.log_greatwood.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Log
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.log_silverwood.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Log
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_crate_common.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Common Crate
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_crate_rare.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rare Crate
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_crate_uncommon.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Uncommon Crate
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_urn_common.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Common Urn
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_urn_rare.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rare Urn
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_urn_uncommon.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Uncommon Urn
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.matrix_cost.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Infusion Cost Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.matrix_speed.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Infusion Speed Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical_advanced.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.metal_brass.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Brass Block
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.metal_thaumium.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Block
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.metal_void.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Void Metal Block
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.mirror.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Magic Mirror
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.mirror_essentia.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Mirror
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_black.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Black Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_blue.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blue Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_brown.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Brown Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_cyan.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_gray.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gray Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_green.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Green Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_lightblue.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_lime.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lime Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_magenta.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_orange.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Orange Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_pink.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pink Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_purple.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purple Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_red.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_silver.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_white.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK White Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_yellow.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.ore_amber.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Amber Bearing Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.ore_cinnabar.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cinnabar Ore
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.ore_quartz.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pattern_crafter.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Pattern Crafter
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.paving_stone_barrier.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Barrier Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.paving_stone_travel.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Paving Stone of Travel
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pedestal_ancient.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Pedestal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pedestal_arcane.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pedestal_eldritch.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Pedestal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pillar_ancient.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pillar_arcane.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pillar_eldritch.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_anvil.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Golem Press
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_bars.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Golem Press
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_brick.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_cauldron.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Golem Press
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_obsidian.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_table.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Golem Press
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.plank_greatwood.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Planks
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.plank_silverwood.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Planks
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.potion_sprayer.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Potion Sprayer
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.purifying_fluid.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.recharge_pedestal.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.redstone_relay.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Relay
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.research_table.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Research Table
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.sapling_greatwood.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Sapling
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.sapling_silverwood.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Sapling
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.shimmerleaf.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_ancient.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_brick.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_stone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_ancient.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_ancient.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_brick.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_arcane_brick.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_stone.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_arcane_stone.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_eldritch.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_eldritch.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_greatwood.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_greatwood.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_silverwood.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_silverwood.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_eldritch.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_greatwood.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_silverwood.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.smelter_aux.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Auxiliary Slurry Pump
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.smelter_basic.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.smelter_thaumium.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.smelter_vent.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Auxiliary Venting Port
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.smelter_void.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Void Metal Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.spa.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Spa
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stabilizer.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stabilizer
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stairs_ancient.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane_brick.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stairs_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stairs_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_ancient.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_doorway.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_glyphed.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Glyphed Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_rock.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Rock
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_tile.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Tile
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_arcane.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_arcane_brick.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Brick
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_eldritch_tile.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_porous.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Porous Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.table_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone Table
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.table_wood.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wood Table
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_crust.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Crusted Taint
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_feature.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Swollen Taint
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_fibre.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fibrous Taint
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_geyser.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Taint Geyser
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_log.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Taintwood Log
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_rock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Rock
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_soil.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Soil
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.thaumatorium.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Thaumatorium
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.thaumatorium_top.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Thaumatorium
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Tube
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube_buffer.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Buffer
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube_filter.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Filtered Essentia Tube
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube_oneway.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Directional Essentia Tube
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube_restrict.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Restricted Essentia Tube
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube_valve.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Valve
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.vis_battery.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Vis Battery
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.vis_generator.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vis Generator
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.vishroom.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Vishroom
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.void_siphon.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Void Siphon
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.wand_workbench.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Focal Manipulator
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.black_quartz_block.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Black Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.dissimulation.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Dissimulation Block
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.enchantment_pillar.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Enchanting Pillar
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.example.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Placeholder Block
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.funnel.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.magnet.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.mob_magnet.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Corporeal Attractor
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.nitor_vapor.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumictinkerer:nitor_vapor.name
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.osmotic_enchanter.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.repairer.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.transvector_dislocator.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.thaumictinkerer:transvector_dislocator.name
fe.protection.break.thaumictinkerer.transvector_interface.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Transvector Interface
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.aurora_block.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Block
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.aurora_pillar.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.aurora_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.auroralized_glass.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Auroralized Glass
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.block_storage.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.BlockOfStorage.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.boss_spawner.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.BossSpawner.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.burnt_thorns.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_brick.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_door.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_door_vanished.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_pillar.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastlePillar.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_rune_brick.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleStairs.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_stairs_brick.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsBrick.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_stairs_cracked.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsCracked.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_stairs_mossy.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_stairs_worn.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsWorn.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_unlock.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleUnlock.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.cicada.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cicada
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.cinder_furnace.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.cinder_furnace_lit.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.cinder_log.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.dark_leaves.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.deadrock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Deadrock.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.double_aurora_slab.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.etched_nagastone.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_mossy.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_weathered.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Ruined Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.experiment115.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.fiery_essence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.fiery_essence.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.fire_jet.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.FireJet.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.firefly.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Firefly
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.firefly_jar.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Firefly Jar
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.fluffy_cloud.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.force_field.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.ForceField.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.giant_cobblestone.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.giant_leaves.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Giant Leaves
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.giant_log.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Giant Log
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.giant_obsidian.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.hedge.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Hedge.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.huge_lilypad.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.huge_mushgloom.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.huge_stalk.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Huge Stalk
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.huge_waterlily.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.knightmetal_block.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.lapis_block.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block Of Lapis [NYI]
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.magic_leaves.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.MagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.magic_log.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.MagicLog.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.magic_log_core.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.MagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.maze_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Mazestone.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.miniature_structure.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.MiniatureStructure.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.molten_fierymetal.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.fierymetal.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.molten_knightmetal.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.knightmetal.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.moonworm.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Moonworm
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.naga_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Nagastone.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_mossy.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_weathered.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Ruined Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairs.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_mossy.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_weathered.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsWeathered.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.root.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Roots.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.slider.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Slider.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.spiral_bricks.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Spiral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.stronghold_shield.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Shield.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.thorn_rose.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Thorn Rose
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.thorns.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Thorns.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.tower_device.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.TowerDevice.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.tower_translucent.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.TowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.tower_wood.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.TowerStone.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trollber.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Trollber
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trollsteinn.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Trollsteinn
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trollvidr.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Trollvidr
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trophy.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trophy_pedestal.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.TrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_leaves.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Leaves.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_leaves_3.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Leaves3.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_log.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Log.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_plant.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Plant.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_portal.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_sapling.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Sapling
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.uberous_soil.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Uberous Soil
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.uncrafting_table.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.underbrick.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.UnderBrick.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.unripe_trollber.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.wispy_cloud.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.explode.*                                                          # (default: true) (global) Allows blocks to explode
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_atomic_reconstructor.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Atomic Reconstructor
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_battery_box.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Battery Box
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_bio_reactor.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bio Reactor
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_black_lotus.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Lotus
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_breaker.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto-Breaker
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_canola.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Canola Plant
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_canola_oil.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Canola Oil
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_canola_press.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Canola Press
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_chiseled_quartz_slab.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_chiseled_quartz_stair.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_chiseled_quartz_wall.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_coal_generator.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Generator
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_coffee.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Coffee Plant
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_coffee_machine.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Coffee Maker
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp.name
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp_on.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp_on.name
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_compost.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Compost
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_crystal.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.actuallyadditions.block_crystal.name
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_coal.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_diamond.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_emerald.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_iron.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE White Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_lapis.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_redstone.*         # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_empowered.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_empowered.name
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_oil.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystallized Oil
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_directional_breaker.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Long-Range Breaker
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_display_stand.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Display Stand
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_dropper.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Automatic Precision Dropper
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_empowered_oil.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Empowered Oil
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_empowerer.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Empowerer
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_energizer.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Energizer
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_enervator.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Enervator
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_farmer.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmer
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_feeder.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Automatic Feeder
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_fermenting_barrel.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Fermenting Barrel
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_firework_box.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Firework Box
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_fishing_net.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fishing Net
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_flax.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Flax Plant
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_fluid_collector.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Collector
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_fluid_placer.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Placer
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_furnace_double.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Furnace
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_furnace_solar.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Solar Panel
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_giant_chest.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Storage Crate
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_giant_chest_large.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Large Storage Crate
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_giant_chest_medium.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Medium Storage Crate
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_greenhouse_glass.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Greenhouse Glass
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_grinder.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crusher
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_grinder_double.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Double Crusher
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_heat_collector.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Heat Collector
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_inputter.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE ESD
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_inputter_advanced.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced ESD
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_item_repairer.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Repairer
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_item_viewer.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Interface
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_item_viewer_hopping.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopping Item Interface
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_lamp_powerer.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamp Controller
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Laser Relay
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_advanced.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Energy Laser Relay
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_extreme.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Extreme Energy Laser Relay
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_fluids.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluid Laser Relay
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_item.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Item Laser Relay
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_item_whitelist.*       # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Item Laser Relay
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_lava_factory_controller.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava Factory Controller
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_leaf_generator.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaf-Eating Generator
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_miner.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Vertical Digger
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_misc.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.actuallyadditions.block_misc.name
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_oil_generator.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Oil Generator
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_booster.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Phantom Booster
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_breaker.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Phantom Breaker
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_energyface.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Phantom Energyface
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_liquiface.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Phantom Liquiface
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_placer.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Phantom Placer
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_redstoneface.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Phantom Redstoneface
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_phantomface.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Phantomface
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_pillar_quartz_slab.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Quartz Pillar Slab
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_pillar_quartz_stair.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_pillar_quartz_wall.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Quartz Pillar Wall
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_placer.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto-Placer
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_player_interface.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Player Interface
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_quartz_slab.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_quartz_stair.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_quartz_wall.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_ranged_collector.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ranged Collector
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_refined_canola_oil.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Refined Canola Oil
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_rice.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Rice Plant
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_shock_suppressor.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Shock Absorber
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_smiley_cloud.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Smiley Cloud
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_fence.*        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Green Wall
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_slab.*         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Green Slab
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_stairs.*       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Green Stairs
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_wall.*         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Green Block
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_fence.*        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Quartz Wall
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_slab.*         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Quartz Slab
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_stairs.*       # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_wall.*         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethetic Quartz
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_tiny_torch.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiny Torch
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_treasure_chest.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_wild.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.actuallyadditions.block_wild.name
fe.protection.explode.actuallyadditions.block_xp_solidifier.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Experience Solidifier
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.cable_bus.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.cell_workbench.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.charged_quartz_ore.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.charger.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Charger
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.chest.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_block.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_slab.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_stairs.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.condenser.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.controller.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Controller
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_accelerator.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Co-Processing Unit
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_monitor.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_16k.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE 16k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_1k.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_4k.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE 4k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_64k.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE 64k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_unit.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crank.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.creative_energy_cell.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.dense_energy_cell.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.drive.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Drive
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.energy_acceptor.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.energy_cell.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.fluid_interface.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Fluid Interface
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.fluix_block.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.fluix_slab.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.fluix_stairs.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.grindstone.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.inscriber.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.interface.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Interface
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.io_port.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE ME IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.light_detector.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.matrix_frame.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.molecular_assembler.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.paint.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.paint.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quantum_link.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quantum_ring.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_block.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_fixture.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_glass.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_growth_accelerator.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_ore.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_slab.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_stairs.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_slab.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_stairs.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_vibrant_glass.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.security_station.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_compass.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_block.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_slab.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_stairs.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_chest.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_slab.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.*    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_slab.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_stairs.*         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_stairs.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_block.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_chest.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.*         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_slab.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_stairs.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.spatial_io_port.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.spatial_pylon.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tiny_tnt.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.vibration_chamber.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.wireless_access_point.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.bell.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Desk Bell
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.case.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.clock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.desk.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dinner Plate
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Disc Rack
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.label.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Press
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Printing Press
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.seat.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.table.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ash_block.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Block
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.bamboo.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.bamboo_thatching.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Thatching
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.biome_block.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.blood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.blue_fire.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Fire
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.bramble_plant.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bramble
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.cherry_door_block.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.cherry_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.cherry_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.coral.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coral.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.crystal.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.dirt.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.double_other_slab.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_other_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.double_plant.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_plant.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_0.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_1.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.dried_sand.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dried Sand
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ebony_door_block.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE item.ebony_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ebony Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ebony Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ebony_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ebony Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE item.ethereal_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ethereal_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door_block.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE item.eucalyptus_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_stairs.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.farmland_0.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.farmland_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.farmland_1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.farmland_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.fir_door_block.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE item.fir_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.fir_fence.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.fir_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.fir_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.flesh.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Flesh
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.flower_0.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.flower_1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.gem_block.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gem_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.gem_ore.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gem_ore.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.grass.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.grass_path.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grass_path.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hard_ice.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE item.hellbark_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellbark Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellbark Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hellbark_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hive.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.honey.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.honey_block.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey Block
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hot_spring_water.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ivy.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ivy
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door_block.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE item.jacaranda_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Jacaranda Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jacaranda Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_stairs.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_0.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_2.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_3.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_3.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_4.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_4.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_5.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_5.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_6.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_6.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.log_0.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.log_1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.log_2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log_2.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.log_3.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log_3.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.log_4.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log_4.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.magic_door_block.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE item.magic_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.magic_fence.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.magic_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.magic_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE item.mahogany_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mahogany Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mahogany Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mahogany_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE item.mangrove_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mangrove_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mud.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_stairs.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mushroom.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.other_slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.other_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.palm_door_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.palm_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.palm_fence.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.palm_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.palm_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.pine_door_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.pine_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.pine_fence.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pine Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.pine_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pine Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.pine_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.planks_0.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.planks_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.plant_0.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plant_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.plant_1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plant_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.poison.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.redwood_door_block.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE item.redwood_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.redwood_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door_block.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE item.sacred_oak_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sacred Oak Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sacred Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_stairs.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sand.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sapling_0.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sapling_1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sapling_2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling_2.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.seaweed.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.seaweed.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.terrarium.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.terrarium.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.umbran_door_block.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.umbran_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbran Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbran Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.umbran_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbran Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.waterlily.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.white_sand.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE White Sand
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.white_sandstone.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone_stairs.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.willow_door_block.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.willow_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.willow_fence.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.willow_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.willow_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.willow_vine.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Vine
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_0.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_1.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.alchemycatalyst.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.alfheimportal.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.altar.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.altar.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.altgrass.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.animatedtorch.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.animatedTorch.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.avatar.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.bellows.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.explode.botania.bifrost.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.bifrostperm.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.bifrostpermpane.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea0slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea0slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea0stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea0wall.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea10slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea10slabfull.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea10stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea11slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea11slabfull.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea11stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea12slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea12slabfull.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea12stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea13slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea13slabfull.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea13stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea14slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea14slabfull.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea14stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea15slab.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea15slabfull.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea15stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea1slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea1slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea1stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea2slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea2slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea2stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea3slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea3slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea3stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea4slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea4slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea4stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea5slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea5slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea5stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea6slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea6slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea6stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea7slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea7slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea7stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea8slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea8slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea8stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea9slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea9slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestonea9stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb0slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb0slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb0stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb1slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb1slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb1stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb2slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb2slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb2stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb3slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb3slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb3stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb4slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb4slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb4stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb5slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb5slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb5stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb6slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb6slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb6stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb7slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb7slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.biomestoneb7stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.blazeblock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.brewery.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.buriedpetals.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.cacophoniumblock.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.cellblock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.cocoon.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.conjurationcatalyst.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.corporeacrystalcube.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.corporeafunnel.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.corporeaindex.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.corporeainterceptor.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.corporearetainer.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.custombrick.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.distributor.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.distributor.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.doubleflower1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.doubleflower2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood0slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood0slabfull.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood0stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood0wall.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood1slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood1slabfull.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.dreamwood1stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.elfglass.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.elfglasspane.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.enchantedsoil.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.enchanter.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.endereyeblock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.fakeair.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.felpumpkin.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.floatingspecialflower.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.flower.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.forestdrum.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.foresteye.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.gaiaheadblock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.ghostrail.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.hourglass.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.incenseplate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.lightlauncher.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.lightrelay.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock0slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock0slabfull.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock0stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock0wall.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock1slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock1slabfull.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingrock1stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood0slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood0slabfull.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood0stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood0wall.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood1slab.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood1slabfull.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.livingwood1stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.manabomb.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.manadetector.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.manaflame.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.managlass.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.managlasspane.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.manavoid.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.miniisland.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.mushroom.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.botania.opencrate.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement0slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement0slabfull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement0stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement1slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement1slabfull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement1stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement2slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement2slabfull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement2stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement3slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement3slabfull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement3stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement4slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement4slabfull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement4stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement5slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement5slabfull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pavement5stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.petalblock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pistonrelay.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.platform.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.platform.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pool.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.prism.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pump.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.pylon.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabblazefull.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabblazehalf.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabdarkfull.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabdarkhalf.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabelffull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabelfhalf.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslablavenderfull.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslablavenderhalf.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabmanafull.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabmanahalf.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabredfull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabredhalf.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabsunnyfull.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzslabsunnyhalf.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzstairsblaze.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzstairsdark.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzstairself.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzstairslavender.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzstairsmana.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzstairsred.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartzstairssunny.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartztypeblaze.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartztypedark.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartztypeelf.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartztypelavender.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartztypemana.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartztypered.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.quartztypesunny.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.redstringcomparator.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.redstringcontainer.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.redstringdispenser.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.redstringfertilizer.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.redstringinterceptor.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.redstringrelay.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.rfgenerator.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.root.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.root.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.runealtar.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerrock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerrock0slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerrock0slabfull.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerrock0stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerwoodplanks.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slab.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slabfull.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0stairs.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.shinyflower.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.solidvine.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.sparkchanger.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.spawnerclaw.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.specialflower.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.spreader.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.starfield.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.storage.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.terraplate.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.teruterubozu.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.tinyplanetblock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.tinypotato.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.explode.botania.turntable.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.explode.chickenchunks.chunk_loader.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.chickenchunks:chunk_loader.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.antiblock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Antiblock
fe.protection.explode.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.basalt.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.basalt1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.basalt2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockbronze.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockcopper.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Copper
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Electrum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockgold.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockinvar.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Invar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockiron.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocklead.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Lead
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocknickel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Nickel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Platinum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocksilver.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Silver
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocksteel.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Steel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocktin.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockuranium.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bricks.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bricks1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bricks2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.brownstone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_black.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_green.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_red.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_white.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cloud.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_black.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_black1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_black2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_green.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_green1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_green2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_orange.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_purple.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_red.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_white.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_white1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_white2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diamond.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dirt.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.emerald.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.chisel.endstone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Endstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.endstone1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Endstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.endstone2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Endstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factory.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factory1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futura.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE White Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.icepillar.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ironpane.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.chisel.laboratory.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lapis.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marblepillar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherbrick.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherrack.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paper.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Paper Wall
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-birch.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-oak.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.prismarine.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.chisel.prismarine1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.chisel.prismarine2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.quartz.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.explode.chisel.quartz1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebrick.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technicalnew.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.temple.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.templemossy.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tyrian.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Tyrian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.valentines.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Valentines' Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_black.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_blue.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_brown.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_gray.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_green.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_lime.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_orange.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_pink.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_purple.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_red.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_white.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.explode.conarm.armorforge.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Forge
fe.protection.explode.conarm.armorstation.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Station
fe.protection.explode.conarm.soft_obsidian.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unstable Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcborder.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Border
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcbuilderblock.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Builder Block
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npccarpentybench.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpentry Bench
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npccopyblock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Copy Block
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcmailbox.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mailbox
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcredstoneblock.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Block
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcscripted.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Scripted Block
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcscripteddoor.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE item.npcscripteddoor.name
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcwaypoint.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Location Quest Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.almond_sapling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Apiary
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.apple_sapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.apricot_sapling.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.aridgarden.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Arid Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.avocado_sapling.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.banana_sapling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Beehive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.breadfruit_sapling.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Breadfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE White Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco10.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco11.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco12.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco13.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco14.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco15.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco16.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco3.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco4.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco5.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco6.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco7.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco8.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco9.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.carrotcake.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cashew_sapling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cheesecake.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cherry_sapling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecake.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.chestnut_sapling.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecake.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cinnamon_sapling.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.coconut_sapling.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.date_sapling.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Date Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.dragonfruit_sapling.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.durian_sapling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.fig_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.frostgarden.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Frost Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.gooseberry_sapling.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.grapefruit_sapling.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.grinder.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Grinder
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.groundtrap.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ground Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.guava_sapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Guava Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.hazelnut_sapling.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Hazelnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.holidaycake.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.honey.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.honeycomb.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Honeycomb Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.jackfruit_sapling.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Jackfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.lamingtoncake.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamington
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.lemon_sapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.lime_sapling.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.lychee_sapling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lychee Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.mango_sapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.maple_sapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.market.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Market
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.nutmeg_sapling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.olive_sapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.orange_sapling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamagavecrop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamagavecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamalmond.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamamaranthcrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamamaranthcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamapple.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamapricot.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamarrowrootcrop.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamarrowrootcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamartichokecrop.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamartichokecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamasparaguscrop.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamasparaguscrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamavocado.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambambooshootcrop.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambambooshootcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambanana.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambarleycrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambarleycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeancrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambeancrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeetcrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambeetcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambellpeppercrop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambellpeppercrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblackberrycrop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamblackberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblueberrycrop.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamblueberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambreadfruit.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Breadfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambroccolicrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambroccolicrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutcrop.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambrusselsproutcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcabbagecrop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcabbagecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitcrop.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcactusfruitcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleberrycrop.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcandleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupecrop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcantaloupecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcashew.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcassavacrop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcassavacrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowercrop.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcauliflowercrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcelerycrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcelerycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcherry.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchestnut.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchickpeacrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamchickpeacrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchilipeppercrop.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamchilipeppercrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcinnamon.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoconut.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeancrop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcoffeebeancrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcorncrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcorncrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcottoncrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcottoncrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcranberrycrop.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcranberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcucumbercrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcucumbercrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafcrop.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcurryleafcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Date
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruit.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdurian.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pameggplantcrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pameggplantcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamelderberrycrop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamelderberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamfig.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamflaxcrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamflaxcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgarliccrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamgarliccrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgigapicklecrop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamgigapicklecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgingercrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamgingercrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgooseberry.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Gooseberry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapecrop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamgrapecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruit.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgreengrapecrop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamgreengrapecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamguava.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Guava
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamhazelnut.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Hazelnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamhuckleberrycrop.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamhuckleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamjackfruit.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Jackfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamjicamacrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamjicamacrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamjutecrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamjutecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamkalecrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamkalecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamkenafcrop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamkenafcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamkiwicrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamkiwicrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamkohlrabicrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamkohlrabicrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamleekcrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamleekcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlemon.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlentilcrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamlentilcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlettucecrop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamlettucecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlime.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlychee.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lychee
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammango.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammaple.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammilletcrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pammilletcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammulberrycrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pammulberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammustardseedscrop.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pammustardseedscrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamnutmeg.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamoatscrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamoatscrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamokracrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamokracrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamolive.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamonioncrop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamonioncrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamorange.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampapaya.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampaperbark.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamparsnipcrop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamparsnipcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampassionfruit.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Passionfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampawpaw.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pawpaw
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeach.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeanutcrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pampeanutcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampear.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeascrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pampeascrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampecan.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeppercorn.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampersimmon.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampineapplecrop.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pampineapplecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampistachio.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamplum.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampomegranate.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamquinoacrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamquinoacrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamradishcrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamradishcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrambutan.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rambutan
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamraspberrycrop.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamraspberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbcrop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamrhubarbcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamricecrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamricecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrutabagacrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamrutabagacrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamryecrop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamryecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamscallioncrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamscallioncrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamseaweedcrop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamseaweedcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedscrop.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamsesameseedscrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsisalcrop.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamsisalcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsoursop.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Soursop
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsoybeancrop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamsoybeancrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafcrop.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamspiceleafcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspiderweb.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Spider Web
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspinachcrop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamspinachcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstarfruit.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstrawberrycrop.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamstrawberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatocrop.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamsweetpotatocrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtamarind.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Tamarind
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtarocrop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamtarocrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtealeafcrop.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamtealeafcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtomatocrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamtomatocrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamturnipcrop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamturnipcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamvanillabean.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwalnut.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutcrop.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamwaterchestnutcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomcrop.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamwhitemushroomcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashcrop.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamwintersquashcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamzucchinicrop.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamzucchinicrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.papaya_sapling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.paperbark_sapling.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.passionfruit_sapling.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Passion Fruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pavlovacake.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pavlova
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pawpaw_sapling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pawpaw Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.peach_sapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pear_sapling.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pecan_sapling.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.peppercorn_sapling.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.persimmon_sapling.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncake.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pistachio_sapling.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.plum_sapling.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pomegranate_sapling.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pressedwax.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressed Wax Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.presser.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Presser
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecake.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.rambutan_sapling.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Rambutan Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.redvelvetcake.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.shadedgarden.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Shaded Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.shippingbin.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Shipping Bin
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.soggygarden.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Soggy Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.soursop_sapling.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Soursop Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.spiderweb_sapling.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Spider Web Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.starfruit_sapling.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.tamarind_sapling.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Tamarind Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.vanillabean_sapling.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.walnut_sapling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.waterfilter.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Filter
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.watertrap.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.waxcomb.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Waxcomb Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.well.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Well
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.windygarden.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Windy Garden
fe.protection.explode.ichunutil.compact_porkchop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Compact Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.basicblock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.basicblock2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.boundingblock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounding Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.cardboardbox.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.energycube.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.gastank.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.glowpanel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Glow Panel
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.glowplasticblock.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.machineblock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.machineblock2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.machineblock3.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.obsidiantnt.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.oreblock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.plasticblock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.plasticfence.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.reinforcedplasticblock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.roadplasticblock.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Road
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.saltblock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.slickplasticblock.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.transmitter.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Transmitter.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanismgenerators.generator.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanismgenerators.reactor.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanismgenerators.reactorglass.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.air.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Air
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.anvil.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Anvil
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.barrier.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Warding Aura
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beacon.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bed.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bed.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bedrock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beetroots.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Beetroots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_door.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bone_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bone Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cactus.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cake.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carpet.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpet
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carrots.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cauldron.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chain Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chest.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Chorus Flower
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Chorus Plant
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.clay.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cocoa.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocoa
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.command_block.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.concrete.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.deadbush.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Bush
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dirt.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dispenser.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_plant.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Plant
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dropper.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dropper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE End Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_rod.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE End Rod
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.farmland.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fire.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower Pot
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Frosted Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.furnace.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glowstone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass_path.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Path
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gravel.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hay_block.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Bale
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hopper.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ice.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_door.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jukebox.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ladder.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lava.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lever.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.magma.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Magma Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mycelium.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mycelium
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.netherrack.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.noteblock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Note Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.observer.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Observer
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.obsidian.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_extension.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_head.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.planks.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.portal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.potatoes.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.prismarine.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.rail.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_flower.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.reeds.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar cane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sand.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Sapling
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sea Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.skull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.slime.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Slime Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sponge.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_banner.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE White Banner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_button.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.structure_block.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Structure Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.structure_void.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Structure Void
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tnt.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.torch.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.vine.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Vines
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE White Banner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.water.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.waterlily.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.web.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobweb
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wheat.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE White Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wool.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.oreberries.aluminum_oreberry_bush.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aluminum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.oreberries.copper_oreberry_bush.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.oreberries.essence_oreberry_bush.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Essence Berry Bush
fe.protection.explode.oreberries.gold_oreberry_bush.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.oreberries.iron_oreberry_bush.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.oreberries.tin_oreberry_bush.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tin Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.pewter.molten_elementium.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Elementium
fe.protection.explode.pewter.molten_manasteel.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.explode.pewter.molten_osmium.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Osmium
fe.protection.explode.pewter.molten_terrasteel.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.explode.pewter.molten_thaumium.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Thaumium
fe.protection.explode.pewter.molten_voidmetal.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Void Metal
fe.protection.explode.pewter.pewterfluid.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.other.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.blood.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.blood.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.blueslime.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.casting.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.channel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Casting Channel
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.faucet.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Faucet
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.firewood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.glow.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Glow
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.metal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.milk.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_alubrass.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_aluminum.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_brass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Brass
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Clay
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Copper
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_electrum.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Emerald
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Glass
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Gold
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Iron
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_lead.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Lead
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_nickel.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_silver.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Silver
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Steel
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Stone
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_tin.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Tin
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_zinc.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.ore.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.punji.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Punji Sticks
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.rack.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.soil.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Ladder
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Torch
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.toolforge.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tool Forge
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.tooltables.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.wooden_hopper.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Hopper
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.activator_rail.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Activator Rail
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.alembic.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Alembic
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.amber_block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Amber Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.amber_brick.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Amber Bricks
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.arcane_ear.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Ear
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.arcane_ear_toggle.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Ear (Toggle)
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Workbench
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench_charger.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Workbench Charger
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_black.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_blue.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_brown.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_crimson_cult.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crimson Cult Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_gray.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_green.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_lightblue.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_lime.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_magenta.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_orange.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_pink.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_purple.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_red.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_silver.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_white.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE White Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.barrier.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Warding Aura
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.bellows.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.brain_box.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mnemonic Matrix
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_black.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_blue.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_brown.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_gray.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_green.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_lightblue.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_lime.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_magenta.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_orange.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_pink.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_purple.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_red.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_silver.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_white.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE White Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.centrifuge.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Centrifuge
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.cinderpearl.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.condenser.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Condenser
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice_dirty.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Clogged Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crucible.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Crucible
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_aer.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_aqua.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_ignis.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_ordo.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Order Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_perditio.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Entropy Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_terra.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Earth Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_vitium.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.dioptra.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Dioptra
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.effect_glimmer.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Glimmer
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.effect_sap.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapping Field
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.effect_shock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Static Field
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.empty.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Empty Space
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.essentia_input.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Filling Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.essentia_output.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Emptying Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.everfull_urn.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.flesh_block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Flesh
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.flux_goo.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Goo
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.golem_builder.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Press
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.grass_ambient.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ambient Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.hole.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Tear
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.hungry_chest.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.infernal_furnace.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.infusion_matrix.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Runic Matrix
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.inlay.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.jar_brain.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Brain in a Jar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.jar_normal.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Warded Jar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.jar_void.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Jar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.lamp_arcane.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Lamp
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.lamp_fertility.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamp of Fertility
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.lamp_growth.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamp of Growth  
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.leaves_greatwood.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.leaves_silverwood.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.levitator.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.liquid_death.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Death
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.log_greatwood.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Log
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.log_silverwood.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Log
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_crate_common.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Common Crate
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_crate_rare.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Rare Crate
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_crate_uncommon.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Uncommon Crate
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_urn_common.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Common Urn
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_urn_rare.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rare Urn
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_urn_uncommon.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Uncommon Urn
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.matrix_cost.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusion Cost Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.matrix_speed.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusion Speed Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical_advanced.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.metal_brass.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Brass Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.metal_thaumium.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.metal_void.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Metal Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.mirror.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.mirror_essentia.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Mirror
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_black.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_blue.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_brown.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_cyan.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_gray.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_green.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_lightblue.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_lime.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_magenta.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_orange.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_pink.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_purple.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_red.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_silver.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_white.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE White Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_yellow.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.ore_amber.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Amber Bearing Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.ore_cinnabar.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnabar Ore
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.ore_quartz.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pattern_crafter.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Pattern Crafter
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.paving_stone_barrier.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Barrier Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.paving_stone_travel.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Paving Stone of Travel
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pedestal_ancient.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pedestal_arcane.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pedestal_eldritch.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pillar_ancient.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pillar_arcane.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pillar_eldritch.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_anvil.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Press
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_bars.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Press
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_brick.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_cauldron.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Press
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_obsidian.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_table.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Press
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.plank_greatwood.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Planks
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.plank_silverwood.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Planks
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.potion_sprayer.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Potion Sprayer
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.purifying_fluid.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.recharge_pedestal.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.redstone_relay.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Relay
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.research_table.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Research Table
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.sapling_greatwood.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Sapling
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.sapling_silverwood.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Sapling
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.shimmerleaf.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_ancient.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_brick.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_stone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_ancient.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_ancient.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_brick.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_arcane_brick.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_stone.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_arcane_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_eldritch.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_eldritch.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_greatwood.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_greatwood.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_silverwood.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_silverwood.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_eldritch.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.smelter_aux.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Auxiliary Slurry Pump
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.smelter_basic.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.smelter_thaumium.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.smelter_vent.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Auxiliary Venting Port
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.smelter_void.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Metal Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.spa.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Spa
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stabilizer.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stabilizer
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stairs_ancient.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane_brick.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stairs_greatwood.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stairs_silverwood.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_ancient.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_doorway.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_glyphed.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Glyphed Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_rock.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Rock
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_tile.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Tile
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_arcane.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_arcane_brick.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Brick
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_eldritch_tile.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_porous.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Porous Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.table_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Table
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.table_wood.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Table
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_crust.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Crusted Taint
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_feature.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Swollen Taint
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_fibre.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fibrous Taint
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_geyser.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Taint Geyser
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_log.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Taintwood Log
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_rock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Rock
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_soil.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.thaumatorium.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.thaumatorium_top.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Tube
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube_buffer.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Buffer
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube_filter.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Filtered Essentia Tube
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube_oneway.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Directional Essentia Tube
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube_restrict.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Restricted Essentia Tube
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube_valve.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Valve
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.vis_battery.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Vis Battery
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.vis_generator.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vis Generator
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.vishroom.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Vishroom
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.void_siphon.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Siphon
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.wand_workbench.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Focal Manipulator
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.black_quartz_block.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.dissimulation.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dissimulation Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.enchantment_pillar.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchanting Pillar
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.example.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Placeholder Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.funnel.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.magnet.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.mob_magnet.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Corporeal Attractor
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.nitor_vapor.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumictinkerer:nitor_vapor.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.osmotic_enchanter.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.repairer.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.transvector_dislocator.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.thaumictinkerer:transvector_dislocator.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumictinkerer.transvector_interface.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.aurora_block.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Block
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.aurora_pillar.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.aurora_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.auroralized_glass.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Auroralized Glass
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.block_storage.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.BlockOfStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.boss_spawner.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.BossSpawner.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.burnt_thorns.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_brick.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_door.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_door_vanished.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_pillar.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastlePillar.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_rune_brick.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairs.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_stairs_brick.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_stairs_cracked.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsCracked.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_stairs_mossy.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_stairs_worn.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsWorn.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_unlock.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleUnlock.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.cicada.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cicada
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.cinder_furnace.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.cinder_furnace_lit.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.cinder_log.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.dark_leaves.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.deadrock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Deadrock.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.double_aurora_slab.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.etched_nagastone.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_mossy.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_weathered.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruined Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.experiment115.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.fiery_essence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.fiery_essence.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.fire_jet.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.FireJet.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.firefly.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Firefly
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.firefly_jar.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.fluffy_cloud.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.force_field.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.ForceField.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.giant_cobblestone.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.giant_leaves.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.giant_log.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Log
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.giant_obsidian.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.hedge.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Hedge.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.huge_lilypad.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.huge_mushgloom.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.huge_stalk.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.huge_waterlily.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.knightmetal_block.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.lapis_block.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Of Lapis [NYI]
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.magic_leaves.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.MagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.magic_log.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.MagicLog.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.magic_log_core.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.MagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.maze_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Mazestone.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.miniature_structure.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.MiniatureStructure.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.molten_fierymetal.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.fierymetal.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.molten_knightmetal.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.knightmetal.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.moonworm.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Moonworm
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.naga_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Nagastone.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_mossy.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_weathered.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruined Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairs.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_mossy.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_weathered.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsWeathered.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.root.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Roots.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.slider.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Slider.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.spiral_bricks.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spiral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.stronghold_shield.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Shield.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.thorn_rose.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.thorns.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Thorns.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.tower_device.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.TowerDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.tower_translucent.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.TowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.tower_wood.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.TowerStone.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trollber.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollber
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trollsteinn.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trollvidr.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollvidr
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trophy.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trophy_pedestal.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.TrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_leaves.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_leaves_3.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Leaves3.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_log.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Log.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_plant.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Plant.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_portal.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_sapling.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Sapling
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.uberous_soil.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.uncrafting_table.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.underbrick.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.UnderBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.unripe_trollber.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.wispy_cloud.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.*                                                         # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_atomic_reconstructor.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Atomic Reconstructor
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_battery_box.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Battery Box
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_bio_reactor.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bio Reactor
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_black_lotus.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Black Lotus
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_breaker.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Auto-Breaker
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_canola.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Canola Plant
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_canola_oil.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Canola Oil
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_canola_press.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Canola Press
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_chiseled_quartz_slab.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_chiseled_quartz_stair.*           # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_chiseled_quartz_wall.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_coal_generator.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Generator
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_coffee.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Coffee Plant
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_coffee_machine.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Coffee Maker
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp.name
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp_on.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp_on.name
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_compost.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Compost
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_crystal.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.actuallyadditions.block_crystal.name
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_coal.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Black Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_diamond.*         # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_emerald.*         # (default: true) INTERACT Green Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_iron.*            # (default: true) INTERACT White Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_lapis.*           # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_redstone.*        # (default: true) INTERACT Red Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_empowered.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_empowered.name
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_oil.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Crystallized Oil
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_directional_breaker.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Long-Range Breaker
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_display_stand.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Display Stand
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_dropper.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Automatic Precision Dropper
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_empowered_oil.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Empowered Oil
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_empowerer.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Empowerer
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_energizer.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Energizer
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_enervator.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Enervator
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_farmer.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Farmer
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_feeder.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Automatic Feeder
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_fermenting_barrel.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Fermenting Barrel
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_firework_box.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Firework Box
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_fishing_net.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fishing Net
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_flax.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Flax Plant
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_fluid_collector.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Collector
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_fluid_placer.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Placer
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_furnace_double.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Furnace
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_furnace_solar.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Solar Panel
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_giant_chest.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Small Storage Crate
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_giant_chest_large.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Large Storage Crate
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_giant_chest_medium.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Medium Storage Crate
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_greenhouse_glass.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Greenhouse Glass
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_grinder.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crusher
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_grinder_double.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Double Crusher
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_heat_collector.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Heat Collector
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_inputter.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT ESD
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_inputter_advanced.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced ESD
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_item_repairer.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Item Repairer
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_item_viewer.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Item Interface
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_item_viewer_hopping.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Hopping Item Interface
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_lamp_powerer.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lamp Controller
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Laser Relay
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_advanced.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Energy Laser Relay
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_extreme.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Extreme Energy Laser Relay
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_fluids.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Fluid Laser Relay
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_item.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Item Laser Relay
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_item_whitelist.*      # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Item Laser Relay
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_lava_factory_controller.*         # (default: true) INTERACT Lava Factory Controller
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_leaf_generator.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Leaf-Eating Generator
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_miner.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Vertical Digger
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_misc.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.actuallyadditions.block_misc.name
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_oil_generator.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Oil Generator
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_booster.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Phantom Booster
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_breaker.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Phantom Breaker
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_energyface.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Phantom Energyface
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_liquiface.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Phantom Liquiface
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_placer.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Phantom Placer
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_redstoneface.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Phantom Redstoneface
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_phantomface.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Phantomface
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_pillar_quartz_slab.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Black Quartz Pillar Slab
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_pillar_quartz_stair.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Black Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_pillar_quartz_wall.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Black Quartz Pillar Wall
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_placer.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Auto-Placer
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_player_interface.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Player Interface
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_quartz_slab.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_quartz_stair.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_quartz_wall.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_ranged_collector.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Ranged Collector
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_refined_canola_oil.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Refined Canola Oil
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_rice.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Rice Plant
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_shock_suppressor.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Shock Absorber
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_smiley_cloud.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Smiley Cloud
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_fence.*       # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Green Wall
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_slab.*        # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Green Slab
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_stairs.*      # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Green Stairs
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_wall.*        # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Green Block
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_fence.*       # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Quartz Wall
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_slab.*        # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Quartz Slab
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_stairs.*      # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_wall.*        # (default: true) INTERACT Ethetic Quartz
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_tiny_torch.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tiny Torch
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_treasure_chest.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Treasure Chest
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_wild.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.actuallyadditions.block_wild.name
fe.protection.interact.actuallyadditions.block_xp_solidifier.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Experience Solidifier
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.cable_bus.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.cell_workbench.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cell Workbench
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.charged_quartz_ore.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.charger.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Charger
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.chest.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT ME Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_block.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.*         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_slab.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_stairs.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.condenser.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Condenser
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.controller.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT ME Controller
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_accelerator.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Co-Processing Unit
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_monitor.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_16k.*                # (default: true) INTERACT 16k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_1k.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_4k.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT 4k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_64k.*                # (default: true) INTERACT 64k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_unit.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Unit
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crank.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Crank
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.creative_energy_cell.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.dense_energy_cell.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.drive.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT ME Drive
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.energy_acceptor.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.energy_cell.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.fluid_interface.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT ME Fluid Interface
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.fluix_block.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.fluix_slab.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.fluix_stairs.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.grindstone.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.inscriber.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.interface.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT ME Interface
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.io_port.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT ME IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.light_detector.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.matrix_frame.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Matrix Frame
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.molecular_assembler.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.paint.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.paint.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quantum_link.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quantum_ring.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_block.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_fixture.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_glass.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_growth_accelerator.*           # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_ore.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.*           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_slab.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_stairs.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_slab.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_stairs.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_vibrant_glass.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.security_station.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_compass.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_block.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.*         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_slab.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_stairs.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_chest.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_slab.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.*   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_slab.*          # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_stairs.*        # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_stairs.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_block.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_chest.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.*        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_slab.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_stairs.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.spatial_io_port.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.spatial_pylon.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tiny_tnt.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tiny TNT
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.vibration_chamber.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.wireless_access_point.*               # (default: true) INTERACT ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.bell.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Desk Bell
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.case.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.clock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cookie Jar
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.desk.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dinner Plate
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Disc Rack
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.label.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Press
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Printing Press
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.seat.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.table.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Typesetting Table
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ash_block.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Block
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.bamboo.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.bamboo_thatching.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Thatching
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.biome_block.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.blood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.blue_fire.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Fire
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.bramble_plant.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bramble
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.cherry_door_block.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.cherry_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.cherry_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.coral.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coral.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.crystal.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.dirt.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.double_other_slab.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_other_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.double_plant.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_plant.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_0.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_1.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.dried_sand.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Sand
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ebony_door_block.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT item.ebony_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ebony Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ebony Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ebony_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ebony Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT item.ethereal_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ethereal_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door_block.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT item.eucalyptus_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_stairs.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.farmland_0.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.farmland_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.farmland_1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.farmland_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.fir_door_block.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT item.fir_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.fir_fence.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.fir_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.fir_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.flesh.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Flesh
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.flower_0.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.flower_1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.gem_block.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gem_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.gem_ore.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gem_ore.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.grass.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.grass_path.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grass_path.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hard_ice.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Ice
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT item.hellbark_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Hellbark Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Hellbark Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hellbark_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hive.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hive.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.honey.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.honey_block.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Honey Block
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hot_spring_water.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ivy.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ivy
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door_block.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT item.jacaranda_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Jacaranda Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jacaranda Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_stairs.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_0.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_2.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_3.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_3.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_4.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_4.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_5.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_5.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_6.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_6.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.log_0.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.log_1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.log_2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log_2.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.log_3.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log_3.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.log_4.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log_4.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.magic_door_block.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT item.magic_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.magic_fence.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.magic_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.magic_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT item.mahogany_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mahogany Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mahogany Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mahogany_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT item.mangrove_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mangrove_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mud.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mud.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_stairs.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mushroom.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.other_slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.other_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.palm_door_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.palm_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.palm_fence.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.palm_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.palm_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.pine_door_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.pine_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.pine_fence.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.pine_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.pine_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.planks_0.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.plant_0.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plant_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.plant_1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plant_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.poison.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.redwood_door_block.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT item.redwood_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.redwood_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door_block.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT item.sacred_oak_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sacred Oak Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence_gate.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sacred Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_stairs.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sand.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sapling_0.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sapling_1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sapling_2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling_2.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.seaweed.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.seaweed.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.terrarium.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.terrarium.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.umbran_door_block.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.umbran_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Umbran Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Umbran Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.umbran_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Umbran Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.waterlily.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.white_sand.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT White Sand
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.white_sandstone.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone_stairs.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.willow_door_block.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.willow_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.willow_fence.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.willow_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.willow_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.willow_vine.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Vine
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_0.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_1.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.alchemycatalyst.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.alfheimportal.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.altar.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.altar.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.altgrass.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.animatedtorch.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.animatedTorch.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.avatar.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.bellows.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.interact.botania.bifrost.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.bifrostperm.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.bifrostpermpane.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea0slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea0slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea0stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea0wall.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea10slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea10slabfull.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea10stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea11slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea11slabfull.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea11stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea12slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea12slabfull.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea12stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea13slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea13slabfull.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea13stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea14slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea14slabfull.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea14stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea15slab.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea15slabfull.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea15stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea1slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea1slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea1stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea2slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea2slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea2stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea3slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea3slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea3stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea4slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea4slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea4stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea5slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea5slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea5stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea6slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea6slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea6stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea7slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea7slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea7stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea8slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea8slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea8stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea9slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea9slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestonea9stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb0slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb0slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb0stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb1slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb1slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb1stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb2slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb2slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb2stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb3slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb3slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb3stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb4slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb4slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb4stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb5slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb5slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb5stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb6slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb6slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb6stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb7slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb7slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.biomestoneb7stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.blazeblock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.brewery.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.buriedpetals.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.cacophoniumblock.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.cellblock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.cocoon.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.conjurationcatalyst.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.corporeacrystalcube.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.corporeafunnel.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.corporeaindex.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.corporeainterceptor.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.corporearetainer.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.custombrick.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.distributor.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.distributor.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.doubleflower1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.doubleflower2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood0slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood0slabfull.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood0stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood0wall.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood1slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood1slabfull.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.dreamwood1stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.elfglass.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.elfglasspane.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.enchantedsoil.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.enchanter.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.endereyeblock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.fakeair.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.felpumpkin.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.floatingspecialflower.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.flower.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.forestdrum.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.foresteye.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.gaiaheadblock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.ghostrail.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.hourglass.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.incenseplate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.lightlauncher.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.lightrelay.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock0slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock0slabfull.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock0stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock0wall.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock1slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock1slabfull.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingrock1stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood0slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood0slabfull.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood0stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood0wall.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood1slab.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood1slabfull.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.livingwood1stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.manabomb.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.manadetector.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.manaflame.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.managlass.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.managlasspane.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.manavoid.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.miniisland.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.mushroom.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.botania.opencrate.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement0slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement0slabfull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement0stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement1slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement1slabfull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement1stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement2slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement2slabfull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement2stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement3slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement3slabfull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement3stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement4slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement4slabfull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement4stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement5slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement5slabfull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pavement5stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.petalblock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pistonrelay.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.platform.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.platform.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pool.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pool.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.prism.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.prism.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pump.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pump.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.pylon.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabblazefull.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabblazehalf.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabdarkfull.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabdarkhalf.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabelffull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabelfhalf.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslablavenderfull.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslablavenderhalf.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabmanafull.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabmanahalf.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabredfull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabredhalf.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabsunnyfull.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzslabsunnyhalf.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzstairsblaze.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzstairsdark.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzstairself.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzstairslavender.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzstairsmana.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzstairsred.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartzstairssunny.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartztypeblaze.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartztypedark.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartztypeelf.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartztypelavender.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartztypemana.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartztypered.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.quartztypesunny.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.redstringcomparator.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.redstringcontainer.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.redstringdispenser.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.redstringfertilizer.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.redstringinterceptor.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.redstringrelay.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.rfgenerator.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.root.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.root.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.runealtar.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerrock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerrock0slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerrock0slabfull.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerrock0stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerwoodplanks.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slab.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slabfull.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0stairs.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.shinyflower.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.solidvine.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.sparkchanger.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.spawnerclaw.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.specialflower.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.spreader.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.starfield.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.storage.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.storage.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.terraplate.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.teruterubozu.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.tinyplanetblock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.tinypotato.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.interact.botania.turntable.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.interact.chickenchunks.chunk_loader.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.chickenchunks:chunk_loader.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.antiblock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Antiblock
fe.protection.interact.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Chisel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.basalt.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.basalt1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.basalt2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockbronze.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bronze
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockcopper.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Copper
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Electrum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockgold.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockinvar.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Invar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockiron.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocklead.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Lead
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocknickel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Nickel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Platinum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocksilver.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Silver
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocksteel.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Steel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocktin.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockuranium.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Uranium
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bricks.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bricks1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bricks2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.brownstone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_black.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Black Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_green.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Green Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_red.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Red Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_white.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cloud.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_black.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Black Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_black1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Black Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_black2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Black Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_green.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Green Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_green1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Green Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_green2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Green Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_orange.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_purple.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_red.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Red Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_white.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_white1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_white2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diamond.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dirt.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.emerald.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.chisel.endstone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Endstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.endstone1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Endstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.endstone2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Endstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factory.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factory1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futura.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT White Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.icepillar.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ironpane.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.chisel.laboratory.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lapis.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marblepillar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherbrick.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherrack.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paper.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Paper Wall
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-birch.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-oak.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.prismarine.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.chisel.prismarine1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.chisel.prismarine2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.quartz.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quartz
fe.protection.interact.chisel.quartz1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quartz
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebrick.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technicalnew.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.temple.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.templemossy.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tyrian.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tyrian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.valentines.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Valentines' Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_black.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Black Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_blue.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_brown.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_gray.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_green.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Green Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_lime.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_orange.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_pink.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_purple.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_red.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Red Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_white.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Wool
fe.protection.interact.conarm.armorforge.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Forge
fe.protection.interact.conarm.armorstation.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Station
fe.protection.interact.conarm.soft_obsidian.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unstable Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcborder.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Border
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcbuilderblock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Builder Block
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npccarpentybench.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Carpentry Bench
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npccopyblock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Copy Block
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcmailbox.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mailbox
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcredstoneblock.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Block
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcscripted.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Scripted Block
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcscripteddoor.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT item.npcscripteddoor.name
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcwaypoint.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Location Quest Block
fe.protection.interact.entity                                                    # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.almond_sapling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Almond Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Apiary
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.apple_sapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.apricot_sapling.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.aridgarden.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Arid Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.avocado_sapling.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.banana_sapling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Banana Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Beehive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.breadfruit_sapling.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Breadfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT White Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco10.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco11.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco12.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco13.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco14.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Green Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco15.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Red Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco16.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Black Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco3.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco4.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco5.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco6.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco7.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco8.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco9.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.carrotcake.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Carrot Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cashew_sapling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cheesecake.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cherry_sapling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecake.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.chestnut_sapling.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecake.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cinnamon_sapling.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.coconut_sapling.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.date_sapling.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Date Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.dragonfruit_sapling.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.durian_sapling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Durian Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.fig_sapling.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fig Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.frostgarden.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Frost Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.gooseberry_sapling.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.grapefruit_sapling.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.grinder.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Grinder
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.groundtrap.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ground Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.guava_sapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Guava Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.hazelnut_sapling.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Hazelnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.holidaycake.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Holiday Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.honey.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Honey Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.honeycomb.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Honeycomb Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.jackfruit_sapling.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Jackfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.lamingtoncake.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lamington
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.lemon_sapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.lime_sapling.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.lychee_sapling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lychee Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.mango_sapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mango Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.maple_sapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.market.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Market
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.nutmeg_sapling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.olive_sapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Olive Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.orange_sapling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamagavecrop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamagavecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamalmond.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Almond
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamamaranthcrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamamaranthcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamapple.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Apple
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamapricot.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamarrowrootcrop.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamarrowrootcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamartichokecrop.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamartichokecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamasparaguscrop.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamasparaguscrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamavocado.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambambooshootcrop.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambambooshootcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambanana.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Banana
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambarleycrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambarleycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeancrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambeancrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeetcrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambeetcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambellpeppercrop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambellpeppercrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblackberrycrop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamblackberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblueberrycrop.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamblueberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambreadfruit.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Breadfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambroccolicrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambroccolicrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutcrop.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambrusselsproutcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcabbagecrop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcabbagecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitcrop.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcactusfruitcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleberrycrop.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcandleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupecrop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcantaloupecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcashew.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcassavacrop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcassavacrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowercrop.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcauliflowercrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcelerycrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcelerycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcherry.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchestnut.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchickpeacrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamchickpeacrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchilipeppercrop.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamchilipeppercrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcinnamon.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoconut.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeancrop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcoffeebeancrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcorncrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcorncrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcottoncrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcottoncrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcranberrycrop.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcranberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcucumbercrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcucumbercrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafcrop.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcurryleafcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Date
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruit.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdurian.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Durian
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pameggplantcrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pameggplantcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamelderberrycrop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamelderberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamfig.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Fig
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamflaxcrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamflaxcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgarliccrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamgarliccrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgigapicklecrop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamgigapicklecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgingercrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamgingercrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgooseberry.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Gooseberry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapecrop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamgrapecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruit.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgreengrapecrop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamgreengrapecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamguava.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Guava
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamhazelnut.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Hazelnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamhuckleberrycrop.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamhuckleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamjackfruit.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Jackfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamjicamacrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamjicamacrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamjutecrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamjutecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamkalecrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamkalecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamkenafcrop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamkenafcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamkiwicrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamkiwicrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamkohlrabicrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamkohlrabicrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamleekcrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamleekcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlemon.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlentilcrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamlentilcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlettucecrop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamlettucecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlime.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lime
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlychee.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lychee
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammango.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mango
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammaple.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammilletcrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pammilletcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammulberrycrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pammulberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammustardseedscrop.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pammustardseedscrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamnutmeg.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamoatscrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamoatscrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamokracrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamokracrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamolive.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Olive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamonioncrop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamonioncrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamorange.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Orange
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampapaya.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampaperbark.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamparsnipcrop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamparsnipcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampassionfruit.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Passionfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampawpaw.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pawpaw
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeach.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Peach
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeanutcrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pampeanutcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampear.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pear
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeascrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pampeascrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampecan.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeppercorn.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampersimmon.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampineapplecrop.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pampineapplecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampistachio.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamplum.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Plum
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampomegranate.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamquinoacrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamquinoacrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamradishcrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamradishcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrambutan.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rambutan
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamraspberrycrop.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamraspberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbcrop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamrhubarbcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamricecrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamricecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrutabagacrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamrutabagacrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamryecrop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamryecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamscallioncrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamscallioncrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamseaweedcrop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamseaweedcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedscrop.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamsesameseedscrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsisalcrop.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamsisalcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsoursop.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Soursop
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsoybeancrop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamsoybeancrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafcrop.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamspiceleafcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspiderweb.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Spider Web
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspinachcrop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamspinachcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstarfruit.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstrawberrycrop.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamstrawberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatocrop.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamsweetpotatocrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtamarind.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Tamarind
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtarocrop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamtarocrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtealeafcrop.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamtealeafcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtomatocrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamtomatocrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamturnipcrop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamturnipcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamvanillabean.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwalnut.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutcrop.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamwaterchestnutcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomcrop.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamwhitemushroomcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashcrop.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamwintersquashcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamzucchinicrop.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamzucchinicrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.papaya_sapling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.paperbark_sapling.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.passionfruit_sapling.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Passion Fruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pavlovacake.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pavlova
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pawpaw_sapling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pawpaw Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.peach_sapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Peach Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pear_sapling.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pecan_sapling.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.peppercorn_sapling.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.persimmon_sapling.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncake.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pistachio_sapling.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.plum_sapling.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Plum Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pomegranate_sapling.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pressedwax.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Pressed Wax Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.presser.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Presser
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecake.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.rambutan_sapling.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Rambutan Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.redvelvetcake.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.shadedgarden.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Shaded Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.shippingbin.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Shipping Bin
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.soggygarden.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Soggy Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.soursop_sapling.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Soursop Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.spiderweb_sapling.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Spider Web Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.starfruit_sapling.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.tamarind_sapling.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tamarind Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.vanillabean_sapling.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.walnut_sapling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.waterfilter.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Water Filter
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.watertrap.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Water Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.waxcomb.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Waxcomb Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.well.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Well
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.windygarden.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Windy Garden
fe.protection.interact.ichunutil.compact_porkchop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Compact Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.basicblock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.basicblock2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.boundingblock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bounding Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.cardboardbox.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cardboard Box
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.energycube.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.gastank.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.glowpanel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Glow Panel
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.glowplasticblock.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.machineblock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.machineblock2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.machineblock3.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.obsidiantnt.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.oreblock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.plasticblock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.plasticfence.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.reinforcedplasticblock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.roadplasticblock.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Road
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.saltblock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.slickplasticblock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.transmitter.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Transmitter.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanismgenerators.generator.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanismgenerators.reactor.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanismgenerators.reactorglass.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Air
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.barrier.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Warding Aura
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bed.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beetroots.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Beetroots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_door.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bone_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bone Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carpet
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chain Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chorus Flower
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Chorus Plant
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.concrete.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Plant
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_rod.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT End Rod
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Frosted Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass_path.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Path
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.magma.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Magma Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.observer.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Observer
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.prismarine.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quartz
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Flower
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Sapling
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sea Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.slime.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Slime Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_banner.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT White Banner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.structure_block.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Structure Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.structure_void.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Structure Void
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT White Banner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT White Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Flower
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.oreberries.aluminum_oreberry_bush.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aluminum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.oreberries.copper_oreberry_bush.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.oreberries.essence_oreberry_bush.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Essence Berry Bush
fe.protection.interact.oreberries.gold_oreberry_bush.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.oreberries.iron_oreberry_bush.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.oreberries.tin_oreberry_bush.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tin Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.pewter.molten_elementium.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Elementium
fe.protection.interact.pewter.molten_manasteel.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.interact.pewter.molten_osmium.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Osmium
fe.protection.interact.pewter.molten_terrasteel.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.interact.pewter.molten_thaumium.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Thaumium
fe.protection.interact.pewter.molten_voidmetal.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Void Metal
fe.protection.interact.pewter.pewterfluid.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.other.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.blood.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.blood.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.blueslime.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.casting.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.channel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Casting Channel
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.faucet.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Faucet
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.firewood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.glow.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glow
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.metal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.milk.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_alubrass.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Ardite
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_brass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Brass
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Bronze
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Clay
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Copper
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_electrum.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Electrum
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Emerald
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Glass
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Gold
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Iron
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_lead.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Lead
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_nickel.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Nickel
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_silver.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Silver
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Steel
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Stone
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_tin.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Tin
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_zinc.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Zinc
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.ore.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.punji.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Punji Sticks
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.rack.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.soil.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Ladder
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Torch
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.toolforge.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tool Forge
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.tooltables.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Rail
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.wooden_hopper.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Hopper
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.activator_rail.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Activator Rail
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.alembic.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Alembic
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.amber_block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Amber Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.amber_brick.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Amber Bricks
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.arcane_ear.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Ear
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.arcane_ear_toggle.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Ear (Toggle)
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Workbench
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench_charger.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Workbench Charger
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_black.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Black Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_blue.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_brown.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_crimson_cult.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crimson Cult Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_cyan.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_gray.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_green.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Green Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_lightblue.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_lime.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_magenta.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_orange.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_pink.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_purple.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_red.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Red Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_silver.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_white.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT White Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_yellow.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.barrier.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Warding Aura
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.bellows.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.brain_box.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mnemonic Matrix
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_black.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Black Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_blue.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_brown.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_cyan.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_gray.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_green.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Green Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_lightblue.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_lime.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_magenta.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_orange.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_pink.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_purple.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_red.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Red Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_silver.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_white.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT White Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_yellow.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.centrifuge.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Centrifuge
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.cinderpearl.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cinderpearl
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.condenser.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Condenser
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice_dirty.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Clogged Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crucible.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Crucible
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_aer.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Air Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_aqua.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Water Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_ignis.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_ordo.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Order Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_perditio.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Entropy Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_terra.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Earth Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_vitium.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.dioptra.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Dioptra
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.effect_glimmer.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Glimmer
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.effect_sap.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sapping Field
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.effect_shock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Static Field
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.empty.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Space
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.essentia_input.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Filling Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.essentia_output.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Emptying Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.everfull_urn.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Everfull Urn
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.flesh_block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Flesh
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.flux_goo.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Goo
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.golem_builder.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Press
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.grass_ambient.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ambient Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.hole.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Tear
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.hungry_chest.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Hungry Chest
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.infernal_furnace.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.infusion_matrix.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Runic Matrix
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.inlay.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.jar_brain.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Brain in a Jar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.jar_normal.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Warded Jar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.jar_void.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Void Jar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.lamp_arcane.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Lamp
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.lamp_fertility.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lamp of Fertility
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.lamp_growth.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lamp of Growth  
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.leaves_greatwood.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.leaves_silverwood.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.levitator.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.liquid_death.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Death
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.log_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Log
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.log_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Log
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_crate_common.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Common Crate
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_crate_rare.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rare Crate
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_crate_uncommon.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Uncommon Crate
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_urn_common.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Common Urn
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_urn_rare.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rare Urn
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_urn_uncommon.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Uncommon Urn
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.matrix_cost.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Infusion Cost Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.matrix_speed.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Infusion Speed Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical_advanced.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.metal_brass.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Brass Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.metal_thaumium.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.metal_void.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Void Metal Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.mirror.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Mirror
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.mirror_essentia.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Mirror
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_black.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Black Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_blue.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_brown.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_gray.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_green.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Green Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_lightblue.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_lime.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_magenta.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_orange.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_pink.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_purple.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_red.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_silver.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_white.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT White Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.ore_amber.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Amber Bearing Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.ore_cinnabar.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnabar Ore
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.ore_quartz.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pattern_crafter.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Pattern Crafter
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.paving_stone_barrier.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Barrier Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.paving_stone_travel.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Paving Stone of Travel
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pedestal_ancient.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pedestal_arcane.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pedestal_eldritch.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pillar_ancient.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pillar_arcane.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pillar_eldritch.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_anvil.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Press
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_bars.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Press
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_brick.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_cauldron.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Press
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_obsidian.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_table.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Press
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.plank_greatwood.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Planks
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.plank_silverwood.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Planks
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.potion_sprayer.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Potion Sprayer
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.purifying_fluid.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.recharge_pedestal.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.redstone_relay.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Relay
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.research_table.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Research Table
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.sapling_greatwood.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Sapling
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.sapling_silverwood.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Sapling
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.shimmerleaf.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_ancient.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_brick.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_stone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_ancient.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_ancient.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_brick.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_arcane_brick.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_stone.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_arcane_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_eldritch.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_eldritch.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_greatwood.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_greatwood.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_silverwood.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_silverwood.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_eldritch.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_greatwood.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_silverwood.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.smelter_aux.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Auxiliary Slurry Pump
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.smelter_basic.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.smelter_thaumium.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.smelter_vent.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Auxiliary Venting Port
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.smelter_void.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Void Metal Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.spa.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Spa
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stabilizer.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stabilizer
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stairs_ancient.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane_brick.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stairs_greatwood.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stairs_silverwood.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_ancient.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_doorway.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_glyphed.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Glyphed Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_rock.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Rock
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_tile.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Tile
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_arcane.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_arcane_brick.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Brick
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_eldritch_tile.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_porous.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Porous Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.table_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Table
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.table_wood.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Table
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_crust.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Crusted Taint
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_feature.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Swollen Taint
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_fibre.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fibrous Taint
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_geyser.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Taint Geyser
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_log.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Taintwood Log
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_rock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Rock
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_soil.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Soil
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.thaumatorium.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumatorium
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.thaumatorium_top.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumatorium
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Tube
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube_buffer.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Buffer
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube_filter.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Filtered Essentia Tube
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube_oneway.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Directional Essentia Tube
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube_restrict.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Restricted Essentia Tube
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube_valve.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Valve
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.vis_battery.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Battery
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.vis_generator.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Generator
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.vishroom.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Vishroom
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.void_siphon.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Void Siphon
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.wand_workbench.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Focal Manipulator
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.black_quartz_block.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Black Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.dissimulation.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dissimulation Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.enchantment_pillar.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Enchanting Pillar
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.example.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Placeholder Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.funnel.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.magnet.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.mob_magnet.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Corporeal Attractor
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.nitor_vapor.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumictinkerer:nitor_vapor.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.osmotic_enchanter.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.repairer.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.transvector_dislocator.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.thaumictinkerer:transvector_dislocator.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumictinkerer.transvector_interface.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Transvector Interface
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.aurora_block.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Block
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.aurora_pillar.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.aurora_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.auroralized_glass.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Auroralized Glass
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.block_storage.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.BlockOfStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.boss_spawner.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.BossSpawner.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.burnt_thorns.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_brick.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_door.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_door_vanished.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_pillar.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastlePillar.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_rune_brick.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleStairs.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_stairs_brick.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_stairs_cracked.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsCracked.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_stairs_mossy.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_stairs_worn.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsWorn.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_unlock.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleUnlock.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.cicada.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cicada
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.cinder_furnace.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.cinder_furnace_lit.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.cinder_log.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.dark_leaves.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.deadrock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Deadrock.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.double_aurora_slab.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.etched_nagastone.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_mossy.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_weathered.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Ruined Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.experiment115.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.fiery_essence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.fiery_essence.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.fire_jet.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.FireJet.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.firefly.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.firefly_jar.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly Jar
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.fluffy_cloud.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.force_field.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.ForceField.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.giant_cobblestone.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.giant_leaves.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Leaves
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.giant_log.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Log
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.giant_obsidian.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.hedge.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Hedge.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.huge_lilypad.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.huge_mushgloom.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.huge_stalk.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Stalk
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.huge_waterlily.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.knightmetal_block.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.lapis_block.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block Of Lapis [NYI]
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.magic_leaves.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.MagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.magic_log.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.MagicLog.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.magic_log_core.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.MagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.maze_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Mazestone.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.miniature_structure.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.MiniatureStructure.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.molten_fierymetal.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.fierymetal.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.molten_knightmetal.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.knightmetal.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.moonworm.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Moonworm
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.naga_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Nagastone.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_mossy.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_weathered.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Ruined Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairs.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_mossy.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_weathered.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsWeathered.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.root.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Roots.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.slider.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Slider.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.spiral_bricks.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spiral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.stronghold_shield.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Shield.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.thorn_rose.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Thorn Rose
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.thorns.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Thorns.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.tower_device.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.TowerDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.tower_translucent.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.TowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.tower_wood.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.TowerStone.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trollber.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Trollber
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trollsteinn.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Trollsteinn
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trollvidr.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Trollvidr
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trophy.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trophy_pedestal.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.TrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_leaves.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_leaves_3.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Leaves3.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_log.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Log.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_plant.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Plant.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_portal.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_sapling.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Sapling
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.uberous_soil.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Uberous Soil
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.uncrafting_table.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.underbrick.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.UnderBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.unripe_trollber.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.wispy_cloud.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.place.*                                                            # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_atomic_reconstructor.*               # (default: true) PLACE Atomic Reconstructor
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_battery_box.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Battery Box
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_bio_reactor.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Bio Reactor
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_black_lotus.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Black Lotus
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_breaker.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Auto-Breaker
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_canola.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Canola Plant
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_canola_oil.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Canola Oil
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_canola_press.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Canola Press
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_chiseled_quartz_slab.*               # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_chiseled_quartz_stair.*              # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_chiseled_quartz_wall.*               # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_coal_generator.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Coal Generator
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_coffee.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Plant
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_coffee_machine.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Maker
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp.name
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp_on.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp_on.name
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_compost.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Compost
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_crystal.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.block_crystal.name
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_coal.*               # (default: true) PLACE Black Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_diamond.*            # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_emerald.*            # (default: true) PLACE Green Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_iron.*               # (default: true) PLACE White Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_lapis.*              # (default: true) PLACE Blue Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_redstone.*           # (default: true) PLACE Red Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_empowered.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_empowered.name
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_oil.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Crystallized Oil
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_directional_breaker.*                # (default: true) PLACE Long-Range Breaker
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_display_stand.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Display Stand
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_dropper.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Automatic Precision Dropper
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_empowered_oil.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Empowered Oil
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_empowerer.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Empowerer
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_energizer.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Energizer
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_enervator.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Enervator
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_farmer.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Farmer
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_feeder.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Automatic Feeder
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_fermenting_barrel.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Fermenting Barrel
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_firework_box.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Firework Box
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_fishing_net.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Fishing Net
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_flax.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Flax Plant
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_fluid_collector.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Collector
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_fluid_placer.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Placer
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_furnace_double.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Powered Furnace
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_furnace_solar.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Solar Panel
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_giant_chest.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Small Storage Crate
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_giant_chest_large.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Large Storage Crate
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_giant_chest_medium.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Medium Storage Crate
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_greenhouse_glass.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Greenhouse Glass
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_grinder.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Crusher
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_grinder_double.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Double Crusher
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_heat_collector.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Heat Collector
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_inputter.*                           # (default: true) PLACE ESD
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_inputter_advanced.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Advanced ESD
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_item_repairer.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Item Repairer
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_item_viewer.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Item Interface
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_item_viewer_hopping.*                # (default: true) PLACE Hopping Item Interface
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_lamp_powerer.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Lamp Controller
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Energy Laser Relay
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_advanced.*               # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Energy Laser Relay
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_extreme.*                # (default: true) PLACE Extreme Energy Laser Relay
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_fluids.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Laser Relay
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_item.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Item Laser Relay
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_item_whitelist.*         # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Item Laser Relay
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_lava_factory_controller.*            # (default: true) PLACE Lava Factory Controller
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_leaf_generator.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Leaf-Eating Generator
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_miner.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Digger
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_misc.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.block_misc.name
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_oil_generator.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Oil Generator
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_booster.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Booster
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_breaker.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Breaker
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_energyface.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Energyface
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_liquiface.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Liquiface
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_placer.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Placer
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_redstoneface.*               # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Redstoneface
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_phantomface.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Phantomface
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_pillar_quartz_slab.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Pillar Slab
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_pillar_quartz_stair.*                # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_pillar_quartz_wall.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Pillar Wall
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_placer.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Auto-Placer
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_player_interface.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Player Interface
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_quartz_slab.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_quartz_stair.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_quartz_wall.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_ranged_collector.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Ranged Collector
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_refined_canola_oil.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Refined Canola Oil
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_rice.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Rice Plant
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_shock_suppressor.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Shock Absorber
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_smiley_cloud.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Smiley Cloud
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_fence.*          # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Wall
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_slab.*           # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Slab
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_stairs.*         # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Stairs
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_wall.*           # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Block
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_fence.*          # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz Wall
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_slab.*           # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz Slab
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_stairs.*         # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_wall.*           # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_tiny_torch.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Tiny Torch
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_treasure_chest.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_wild.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.block_wild.name
fe.protection.place.actuallyadditions.block_xp_solidifier.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Experience Solidifier
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.cable_bus.*                              # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.cell_workbench.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.charged_quartz_ore.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.charger.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.chest.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_block.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.*            # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_slab.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_stairs.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.condenser.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.controller.*                             # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_accelerator.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Co-Processing Unit
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_monitor.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_16k.*                   # (default: true) PLACE 16k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_1k.*                    # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_4k.*                    # (default: true) PLACE 4k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_64k.*                   # (default: true) PLACE 64k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_unit.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crank.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.creative_energy_cell.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.dense_energy_cell.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.drive.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.energy_acceptor.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.energy_cell.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.fluid_interface.*                        # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Interface
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.fluix_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.fluix_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.fluix_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.grindstone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.inscriber.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.interface.*                              # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.io_port.*                                # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.light_detector.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.matrix_frame.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.molecular_assembler.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.paint.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.paint.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quantum_link.*                           # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quantum_ring.*                           # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_fixture.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_glass.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_growth_accelerator.*              # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_ore.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_slab.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_stairs.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_slab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_vibrant_glass.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.security_station.*                       # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_compass.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.*            # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_slab.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_stairs.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_chest.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_slab.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.*      # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_slab.*             # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_stairs.*           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_block.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_chest.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.*           # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_slab.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_stairs.*                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.spatial_io_port.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.spatial_pylon.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tiny_tnt.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.vibration_chamber.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.wireless_access_point.*                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.bell.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.case.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.clock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.desk.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dinner Plate
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Disc Rack
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.label.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.seat.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.table.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ash_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.bamboo.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.bamboo_thatching.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Thatching
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.biome_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.blood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.blue_fire.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Fire
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.bramble_plant.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Bramble
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.cherry_door_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE item.cherry_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.cherry_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.coral.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.crystal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.dirt.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.double_other_slab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_other_slab.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.double_plant.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_plant.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_0.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.dried_sand.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dried Sand
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ebony_door_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE item.ebony_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ebony_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE item.ethereal_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ethereal_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE item.eucalyptus_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.farmland_0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.farmland_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.farmland_1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.farmland_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.fir_door_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE item.fir_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.fir_fence.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fir Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.fir_fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.fir_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.flesh.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flesh
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.flower_0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.flower_1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.gem_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.gem_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.gem_ore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.gem_ore.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.grass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.grass_path.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.grass_path.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hard_ice.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE item.hellbark_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hellbark_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.honey.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.honey_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hot_spring_water.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ivy.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ivy
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE item.jacaranda_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_2.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_3.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_3.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_4.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_4.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_5.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_5.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_6.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_6.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.log_0.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.log_1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.log_2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_2.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.log_3.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_3.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.log_4.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_4.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.magic_door_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE item.magic_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.magic_fence.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magic Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.magic_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Magic Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.magic_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE item.mahogany_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mahogany_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE item.mangrove_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mangrove_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mud.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mushroom.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.other_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.other_slab.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.palm_door_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE item.palm_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.palm_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Palm Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.palm_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Palm Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.palm_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.pine_door_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE item.pine_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.pine_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pine Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.pine_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Pine Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.pine_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.planks_0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.plant_0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.plant_1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.poison.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.redwood_door_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE item.redwood_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.redwood_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE item.sacred_oak_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sand.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sapling_0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sapling_1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sapling_2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_2.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.seaweed.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.seaweed.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.terrarium.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.terrarium.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.umbran_door_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE item.umbran_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.umbran_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.waterlily.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.white_sand.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Sand
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.white_sandstone.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.willow_door_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE item.willow_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.willow_fence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.willow_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.willow_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.willow_vine.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Willow Vine
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_0.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.place.botania.alchemycatalyst.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.place.botania.alfheimportal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.place.botania.altar.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.altar.name
fe.protection.place.botania.altgrass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.place.botania.animatedtorch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.animatedTorch.name
fe.protection.place.botania.avatar.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.place.botania.bellows.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.place.botania.bifrost.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.place.botania.bifrostperm.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.place.botania.bifrostpermpane.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea0slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea0slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea0stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea0wall.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea10slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea10slabfull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea10stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea11slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea11slabfull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea11stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea12slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea12slabfull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea12stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea13slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea13slabfull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea13stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea14slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea14slabfull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea14stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea15slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea15slabfull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea15stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea1slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea1slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea1stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea2slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea2slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea2stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea3slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea3slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea3stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea4slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea4slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea4stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea5slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea5slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea5stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea6slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea6slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea6stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea7slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea7slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea7stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea8slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea8slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea8stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea9slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea9slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestonea9stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb0slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb0slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb0stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb1slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb1slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb1stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb2slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb2slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb2stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb3slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb3slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb3stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb4slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb4slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb4stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb5slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb5slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb5stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb6slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb6slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb6stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb7slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb7slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.biomestoneb7stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.blazeblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.brewery.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.place.botania.buriedpetals.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.place.botania.cacophoniumblock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.cellblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.cocoon.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.place.botania.conjurationcatalyst.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.place.botania.corporeacrystalcube.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.place.botania.corporeafunnel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.place.botania.corporeaindex.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.place.botania.corporeainterceptor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.place.botania.corporearetainer.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.place.botania.custombrick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.place.botania.distributor.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.distributor.name
fe.protection.place.botania.doubleflower1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.place.botania.doubleflower2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood0slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood0slabfull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood0stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood0wall.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood1slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood1slabfull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.dreamwood1stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.elfglass.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.place.botania.elfglasspane.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.place.botania.enchantedsoil.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.place.botania.enchanter.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.place.botania.endereyeblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.fakeair.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.place.botania.felpumpkin.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.place.botania.floatingspecialflower.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.place.botania.flower.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.place.botania.forestdrum.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.place.botania.foresteye.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.place.botania.gaiaheadblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.place.botania.ghostrail.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.place.botania.hourglass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.place.botania.incenseplate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.place.botania.lightlauncher.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.place.botania.lightrelay.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock0slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock0slabfull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock0stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock0wall.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock1slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock1slabfull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingrock1stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood0slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood0slabfull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood0stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood0wall.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood1slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood1slabfull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.livingwood1stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.manabomb.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.place.botania.manadetector.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.place.botania.manaflame.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.place.botania.managlass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.place.botania.managlasspane.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.place.botania.manavoid.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.place.botania.miniisland.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.place.botania.mushroom.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.botania.opencrate.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement0slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement0slabfull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement0stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement1slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement1slabfull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement1stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement2slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement2slabfull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement2stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement3slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement3slabfull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement3stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement4slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement4slabfull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement4stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement5slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement5slabfull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pavement5stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.petalblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pistonrelay.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.place.botania.platform.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.platform.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pool.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.place.botania.prism.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pump.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.place.botania.pylon.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabblazefull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabblazehalf.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabdarkfull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabdarkhalf.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabelffull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabelfhalf.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslablavenderfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslablavenderhalf.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabmanafull.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabmanahalf.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabredfull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabredhalf.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabsunnyfull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzslabsunnyhalf.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzstairsblaze.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzstairsdark.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzstairself.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzstairslavender.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzstairsmana.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzstairsred.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartzstairssunny.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartztypeblaze.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartztypedark.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartztypeelf.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartztypelavender.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartztypemana.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartztypered.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.place.botania.quartztypesunny.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.place.botania.redstringcomparator.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.place.botania.redstringcontainer.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.place.botania.redstringdispenser.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.place.botania.redstringfertilizer.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.place.botania.redstringinterceptor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.place.botania.redstringrelay.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.place.botania.rfgenerator.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.place.botania.root.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.root.name
fe.protection.place.botania.runealtar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerrock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerrock0slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerrock0slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerrock0stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerwoodplanks.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slabfull.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.place.botania.shinyflower.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.place.botania.solidvine.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.place.botania.sparkchanger.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.place.botania.spawnerclaw.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.place.botania.specialflower.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.place.botania.spreader.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.place.botania.starfield.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.place.botania.storage.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.place.botania.terraplate.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.place.botania.teruterubozu.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.place.botania.tinyplanetblock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.place.botania.tinypotato.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.place.botania.turntable.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.place.chickenchunks.chunk_loader.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.chickenchunks:chunk_loader.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.antiblock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Antiblock
fe.protection.place.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.place.chisel.basalt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.basalt1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.basalt2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockbronze.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockcopper.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Electrum
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockgold.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockinvar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Invar
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockiron.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocklead.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocknickel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Nickel
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Platinum
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocksilver.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocksteel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocktin.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockuranium.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bricks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bricks1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bricks2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.brownstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_black.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_green.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_red.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_white.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.cloud.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_black.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_black1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_black2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_green.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_green1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_green2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_orange.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_purple.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_red.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_white.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_white1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_white2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.diamond.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.dirt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.chisel.emerald.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.chisel.endstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.endstone1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.endstone2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.factory.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.factory1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futura.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.icepillar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.ironpane.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.chisel.laboratory.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lapis.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marblepillar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherbrick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nether Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherrack.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.chisel.paper.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Paper Wall
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-birch.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Birch Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-oak.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oak Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.prismarine.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.chisel.prismarine1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.chisel.prismarine2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.quartz.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.place.chisel.quartz1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technicalnew.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.temple.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.templemossy.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.tyrian.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.place.chisel.valentines.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Valentines' Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_black.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_blue.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_brown.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_gray.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_green.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_lime.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_orange.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_pink.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_purple.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_red.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_white.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.place.conarm.armorforge.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Armor Forge
fe.protection.place.conarm.armorstation.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Armor Station
fe.protection.place.conarm.soft_obsidian.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unstable Obsidian
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcborder.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Border
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcbuilderblock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Builder Block
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npccarpentybench.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Carpentry Bench
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npccopyblock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Copy Block
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcmailbox.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mailbox
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcredstoneblock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcscripted.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Scripted Block
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcscripteddoor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE item.npcscripteddoor.name
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcwaypoint.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Location Quest Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.almond_sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.apple_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.apricot_sapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.aridgarden.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Arid Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.avocado_sapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.banana_sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.breadfruit_sapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Breadfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco10.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco11.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco12.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco13.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco14.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco15.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco16.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco3.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco4.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco5.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco6.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco7.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco8.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco9.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.carrotcake.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cashew_sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cheesecake.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cherry_sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecake.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.chestnut_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecake.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cinnamon_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.coconut_sapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.date_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.dragonfruit_sapling.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.durian_sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.fig_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.frostgarden.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Frost Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.gooseberry_sapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.grapefruit_sapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.grinder.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grinder
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.groundtrap.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ground Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.guava_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Guava Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.hazelnut_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Hazelnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.holidaycake.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.honey.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.honeycomb.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Honeycomb Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.jackfruit_sapling.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Jackfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.lamingtoncake.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.lemon_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.lime_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.lychee_sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lychee Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.mango_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.maple_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.market.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.nutmeg_sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.olive_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.orange_sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamagavecrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamagavecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamalmond.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamamaranthcrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamamaranthcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamapple.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamapricot.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamarrowrootcrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamarrowrootcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamartichokecrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamartichokecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamasparaguscrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamasparaguscrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamavocado.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambambooshootcrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambambooshootcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambanana.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambarleycrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambarleycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeancrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambeancrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeetcrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambeetcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambellpeppercrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambellpeppercrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblackberrycrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamblackberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblueberrycrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamblueberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambreadfruit.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Breadfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambroccolicrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambroccolicrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutcrop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambrusselsproutcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcabbagecrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcabbagecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitcrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcactusfruitcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleberrycrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcandleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupecrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcantaloupecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcashew.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcassavacrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcassavacrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowercrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcauliflowercrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcelerycrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcelerycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcherry.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchestnut.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchickpeacrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamchickpeacrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchilipeppercrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamchilipeppercrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcinnamon.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoconut.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeancrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcoffeebeancrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcorncrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcorncrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcottoncrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcottoncrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcranberrycrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcranberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcucumbercrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcucumbercrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafcrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcurryleafcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruit.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdurian.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pameggplantcrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pameggplantcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamelderberrycrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamelderberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamfig.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamflaxcrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamflaxcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgarliccrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgarliccrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgigapicklecrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgigapicklecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgingercrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgingercrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgooseberry.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapecrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgrapecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruit.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgreengrapecrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgreengrapecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamguava.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Guava
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamhazelnut.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hazelnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamhuckleberrycrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamhuckleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamjackfruit.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jackfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamjicamacrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamjicamacrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamjutecrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamjutecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamkalecrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkalecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamkenafcrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkenafcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamkiwicrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkiwicrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamkohlrabicrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkohlrabicrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamleekcrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamleekcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlemon.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlentilcrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamlentilcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlettucecrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamlettucecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlime.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlychee.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lychee
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammango.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammaple.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammilletcrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pammilletcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammulberrycrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pammulberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammustardseedscrop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pammustardseedscrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamnutmeg.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamoatscrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamoatscrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamokracrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamokracrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamolive.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamonioncrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamonioncrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamorange.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampapaya.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampaperbark.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamparsnipcrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamparsnipcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampassionfruit.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Passionfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampawpaw.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pawpaw
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeach.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeanutcrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampeanutcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampear.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeascrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampeascrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampecan.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeppercorn.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampersimmon.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampineapplecrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampineapplecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampistachio.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamplum.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampomegranate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamquinoacrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamquinoacrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamradishcrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamradishcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrambutan.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rambutan
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamraspberrycrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamraspberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbcrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamrhubarbcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamricecrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamricecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrutabagacrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamrutabagacrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamryecrop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamryecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamscallioncrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamscallioncrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamseaweedcrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamseaweedcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedscrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsesameseedscrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsisalcrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsisalcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsoursop.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Soursop
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsoybeancrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsoybeancrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafcrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamspiceleafcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspiderweb.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spider Web
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspinachcrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamspinachcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstarfruit.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstrawberrycrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamstrawberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatocrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsweetpotatocrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtamarind.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Tamarind
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtarocrop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtarocrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtealeafcrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtealeafcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtomatocrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtomatocrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamturnipcrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamturnipcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamvanillabean.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwalnut.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutcrop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwaterchestnutcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomcrop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwhitemushroomcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashcrop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwintersquashcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamzucchinicrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamzucchinicrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.papaya_sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.paperbark_sapling.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.passionfruit_sapling.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Passion Fruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pavlovacake.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pawpaw_sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pawpaw Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.peach_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pear_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pecan_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.peppercorn_sapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.persimmon_sapling.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncake.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pistachio_sapling.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.plum_sapling.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pomegranate_sapling.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pressedwax.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pressed Wax Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.presser.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecake.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.rambutan_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Rambutan Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.redvelvetcake.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.shadedgarden.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Shaded Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.shippingbin.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Shipping Bin
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.soggygarden.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Soggy Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.soursop_sapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Soursop Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.spiderweb_sapling.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Spider Web Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.starfruit_sapling.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.tamarind_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Tamarind Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.vanillabean_sapling.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.walnut_sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.waterfilter.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Water Filter
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.watertrap.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Water Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.waxcomb.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Waxcomb Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.well.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Well
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.windygarden.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Windy Garden
fe.protection.place.ichunutil.compact_porkchop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Compact Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.basicblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.basicblock2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.boundingblock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.cardboardbox.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.place.mekanism.energycube.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.gastank.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.glowpanel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glow Panel
fe.protection.place.mekanism.glowplasticblock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.machineblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.machineblock2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.machineblock3.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.obsidiantnt.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.place.mekanism.oreblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.plasticblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.plasticfence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.place.mekanism.reinforcedplasticblock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.roadplasticblock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Road
fe.protection.place.mekanism.saltblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.slickplasticblock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.transmitter.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Transmitter.name
fe.protection.place.mekanismgenerators.generator.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.place.mekanismgenerators.reactor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.place.mekanismgenerators.reactorglass.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Activator Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Air
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.barrier.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Warding Aura
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.bed.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beetroots.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Beetroots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_door.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bone_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bone Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Chain Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Flower
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Plant
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.concrete.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Detector Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Plant
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_rod.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE End Rod
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Frosted Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Powered Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass_path.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grass Path
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.magma.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Magma Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.observer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Observer
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.place.minecraft.prismarine.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oak Sapling
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sea Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.slime.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Slime Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_banner.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.structure_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Structure Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.structure_void.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Structure Void
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) PLACE White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) PLACE White Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oak Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.oreberries.aluminum_oreberry_bush.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Aluminum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.oreberries.copper_oreberry_bush.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Copper Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.oreberries.essence_oreberry_bush.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Essence Berry Bush
fe.protection.place.oreberries.gold_oreberry_bush.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Gold Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.oreberries.iron_oreberry_bush.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Iron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.oreberries.tin_oreberry_bush.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Tin Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.pewter.molten_elementium.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Elementium
fe.protection.place.pewter.molten_manasteel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.place.pewter.molten_osmium.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten Osmium
fe.protection.place.pewter.molten_terrasteel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.place.pewter.molten_thaumium.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Thaumium
fe.protection.place.pewter.molten_voidmetal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Void Metal
fe.protection.place.pewter.pewterfluid.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.other.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.blood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.blood.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.blueslime.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*                # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.casting.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.channel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.faucet.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Faucet
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.firewood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.glow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glow
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.metal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.milk.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_alubrass.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_aluminum.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_brass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Brass
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Clay
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_electrum.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Emerald
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_lead.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_nickel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_silver.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_tin.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Molten Tin
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_zinc.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.ore.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.punji.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Punji Sticks
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.rack.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.soil.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Ladder
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.toolforge.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.tooltables.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.wooden_hopper.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Hopper
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.activator_rail.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Activator Rail
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.alembic.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Alembic
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.amber_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Amber Block
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.amber_brick.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Amber Bricks
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.arcane_ear.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Ear
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.arcane_ear_toggle.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Ear (Toggle)
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Workbench
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench_charger.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Workbench Charger
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_black.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Black Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_blue.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_brown.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brown Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_crimson_cult.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Crimson Cult Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_gray.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gray Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_green.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_lightblue.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_lime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lime Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_orange.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Orange Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_pink.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pink Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_purple.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_red.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_silver.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_white.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.barrier.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Warding Aura
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.bellows.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.brain_box.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mnemonic Matrix
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_black.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Black Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_blue.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_brown.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brown Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_gray.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_green.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_lightblue.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_lime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lime Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_orange.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Orange Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_pink.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pink Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_purple.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_red.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_silver.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_white.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.centrifuge.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Centrifuge
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.cinderpearl.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.condenser.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flux Condenser
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice_dirty.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Clogged Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crucible.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crucible
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_aer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Air Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_aqua.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_ignis.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fire Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_ordo.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Order Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_perditio.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Entropy Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_terra.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Earth Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_vitium.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Flux Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.dioptra.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Dioptra
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.effect_glimmer.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glimmer
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.effect_sap.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sapping Field
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.effect_shock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Static Field
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.empty.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.essentia_input.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Filling Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.essentia_output.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Emptying Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.everfull_urn.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.flesh_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Flesh
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.flux_goo.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.golem_builder.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.grass_ambient.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ambient Grass Block
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.hole.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Tear
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.hungry_chest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.infernal_furnace.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.infusion_matrix.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Runic Matrix
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.inlay.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.jar_brain.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Brain in a Jar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.jar_normal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Warded Jar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.jar_void.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Void Jar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.lamp_arcane.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Lamp
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.lamp_fertility.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lamp of Fertility
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.lamp_growth.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lamp of Growth  
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.leaves_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.leaves_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.levitator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.liquid_death.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.log_greatwood.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Log
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.log_silverwood.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Log
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_crate_common.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Common Crate
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_crate_rare.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rare Crate
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_crate_uncommon.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Uncommon Crate
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_urn_common.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Common Urn
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_urn_rare.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rare Urn
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_urn_uncommon.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Uncommon Urn
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.matrix_cost.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Cost Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.matrix_speed.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Speed Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical_advanced.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.metal_brass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brass Block
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.metal_thaumium.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.metal_void.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Void Metal Block
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.mirror.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.mirror_essentia.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Mirror
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_black.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Black Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_blue.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blue Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_brown.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brown Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_cyan.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_gray.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gray Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_green.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Green Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_lightblue.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_lime.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lime Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_magenta.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_orange.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orange Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_pink.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pink Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_purple.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purple Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_red.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_silver.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_white.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_yellow.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.ore_amber.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Amber Bearing Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.ore_cinnabar.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cinnabar Ore
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.ore_quartz.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pattern_crafter.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pattern Crafter
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.paving_stone_barrier.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Barrier Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.paving_stone_travel.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Paving Stone of Travel
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pedestal_ancient.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Pedestal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pedestal_arcane.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pedestal_eldritch.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Pedestal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pillar_ancient.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pillar_arcane.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pillar_eldritch.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_anvil.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_bars.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_brick.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_cauldron.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_obsidian.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_table.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.plank_greatwood.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Planks
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.plank_silverwood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Planks
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.potion_sprayer.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Potion Sprayer
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.purifying_fluid.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.recharge_pedestal.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.redstone_relay.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Relay
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.research_table.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Research Table
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.sapling_greatwood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Sapling
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.sapling_silverwood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Sapling
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.shimmerleaf.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_ancient.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_brick.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_ancient.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_ancient.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_brick.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_arcane_brick.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_stone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_arcane_stone.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_eldritch.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_eldritch.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_greatwood.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_greatwood.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_silverwood.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_silverwood.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_eldritch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_greatwood.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_silverwood.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.smelter_aux.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Auxiliary Slurry Pump
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.smelter_basic.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.smelter_thaumium.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.smelter_vent.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Auxiliary Venting Port
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.smelter_void.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Void Metal Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.spa.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Spa
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stabilizer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stabilizer
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stairs_ancient.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane_brick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stairs_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stairs_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_ancient.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_doorway.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_glyphed.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Glyphed Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_rock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Rock
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_tile.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Tile
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_arcane.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_arcane_brick.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Brick
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_eldritch_tile.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_porous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Porous Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.table_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Table
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.table_wood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wood Table
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_crust.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crusted Taint
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_feature.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Swollen Taint
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_fibre.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fibrous Taint
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_geyser.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Taint Geyser
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_log.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Taintwood Log
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_rock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Rock
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_soil.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.thaumatorium.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.thaumatorium_top.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Tube
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube_buffer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Buffer
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube_filter.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Essentia Tube
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube_oneway.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Directional Essentia Tube
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube_restrict.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Restricted Essentia Tube
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube_valve.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Valve
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.vis_battery.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Vis Battery
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.vis_generator.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vis Generator
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.vishroom.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vishroom
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.void_siphon.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Void Siphon
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.wand_workbench.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Focal Manipulator
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.black_quartz_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.dissimulation.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dissimulation Block
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.enchantment_pillar.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Enchanting Pillar
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.example.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Placeholder Block
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.funnel.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.magnet.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.mob_magnet.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Corporeal Attractor
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.nitor_vapor.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumictinkerer:nitor_vapor.name
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.osmotic_enchanter.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.repairer.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.transvector_dislocator.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumictinkerer:transvector_dislocator.name
fe.protection.place.thaumictinkerer.transvector_interface.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.aurora_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Block
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.aurora_pillar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.aurora_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.auroralized_glass.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Auroralized Glass
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.block_storage.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.BlockOfStorage.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.boss_spawner.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.BossSpawner.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.burnt_thorns.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_brick.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_door.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_door_vanished.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_pillar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastlePillar.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_rune_brick.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairs.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_stairs_brick.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsBrick.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_stairs_cracked.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsCracked.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_stairs_mossy.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_stairs_worn.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsWorn.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_unlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleUnlock.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.cicada.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cicada
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.cinder_furnace.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.cinder_furnace_lit.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.cinder_log.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.dark_leaves.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.deadrock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Deadrock.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.double_aurora_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.etched_nagastone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_mossy.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_weathered.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Ruined Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.experiment115.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.fiery_essence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.fiery_essence.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.fire_jet.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.FireJet.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.firefly.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Firefly
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.firefly_jar.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.fluffy_cloud.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.force_field.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.ForceField.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.giant_cobblestone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.giant_leaves.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.giant_log.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Giant Log
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.giant_obsidian.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.hedge.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Hedge.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.huge_lilypad.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.huge_mushgloom.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.huge_stalk.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.huge_waterlily.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.knightmetal_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.lapis_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block Of Lapis [NYI]
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.magic_leaves.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.magic_log.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLog.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.magic_log_core.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.maze_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Mazestone.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.miniature_structure.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MiniatureStructure.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.molten_fierymetal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.fierymetal.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.molten_knightmetal.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.knightmetal.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.moonworm.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Moonworm
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.naga_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Nagastone.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_mossy.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_weathered.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Ruined Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairs.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_mossy.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_weathered.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsWeathered.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.root.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Roots.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.slider.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Slider.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.spiral_bricks.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Spiral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.stronghold_shield.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Shield.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.thorn_rose.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.thorns.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Thorns.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.tower_device.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerDevice.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.tower_translucent.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.tower_wood.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerStone.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trollber.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Trollber
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trollsteinn.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trollvidr.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Trollvidr
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trophy.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trophy_pedestal.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_leaves.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Leaves.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_leaves_3.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Leaves3.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_log.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Log.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_plant.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Plant.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_portal.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_sapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Sapling
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.uberous_soil.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.uncrafting_table.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.underbrick.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.UnderBrick.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.unripe_trollber.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.wispy_cloud.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.trample.*                                                          # (default: true) Allow trampling on blocks
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_atomic_reconstructor.*             # (default: true) PLACE Atomic Reconstructor
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_battery_box.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Battery Box
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_bio_reactor.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Bio Reactor
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_black_lotus.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Black Lotus
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_breaker.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Auto-Breaker
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_canola.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Canola Plant
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_canola_oil.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Canola Oil
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_canola_press.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Canola Press
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_chiseled_quartz_slab.*             # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_chiseled_quartz_stair.*            # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_chiseled_quartz_wall.*             # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_coal_generator.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Coal Generator
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_coffee.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Plant
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_coffee_machine.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Coffee Maker
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp.name
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp_on.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.block_colored_lamp_on.name
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_compost.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Compost
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_crystal.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.block_crystal.name
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_coal.*             # (default: true) PLACE Black Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_diamond.*          # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_emerald.*          # (default: true) PLACE Green Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_iron.*             # (default: true) PLACE White Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_lapis.*            # (default: true) PLACE Blue Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_cluster_redstone.*         # (default: true) PLACE Red Crystal Cluster
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_empowered.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_empowered.name
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_crystal_oil.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Crystallized Oil
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_directional_breaker.*              # (default: true) PLACE Long-Range Breaker
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_display_stand.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Display Stand
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_dropper.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Automatic Precision Dropper
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_empowered_oil.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Empowered Oil
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_empowerer.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Empowerer
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_energizer.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Energizer
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_enervator.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Enervator
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_farmer.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Farmer
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_feeder.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Automatic Feeder
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_fermenting_barrel.*                # (default: true) PLACE Fermenting Barrel
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_firework_box.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Firework Box
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_fishing_net.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Fishing Net
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_flax.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Flax Plant
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_fluid_collector.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Collector
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_fluid_placer.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Placer
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_furnace_double.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Powered Furnace
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_furnace_solar.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Solar Panel
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_giant_chest.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Small Storage Crate
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_giant_chest_large.*                # (default: true) PLACE Large Storage Crate
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_giant_chest_medium.*               # (default: true) PLACE Medium Storage Crate
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_greenhouse_glass.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Greenhouse Glass
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_grinder.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Crusher
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_grinder_double.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Double Crusher
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_heat_collector.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Heat Collector
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_inputter.*                         # (default: true) PLACE ESD
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_inputter_advanced.*                # (default: true) PLACE Advanced ESD
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_item_repairer.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Item Repairer
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_item_viewer.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Item Interface
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_item_viewer_hopping.*              # (default: true) PLACE Hopping Item Interface
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_lamp_powerer.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Lamp Controller
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Energy Laser Relay
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_advanced.*             # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Energy Laser Relay
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_extreme.*              # (default: true) PLACE Extreme Energy Laser Relay
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_fluids.*               # (default: true) PLACE Fluid Laser Relay
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_item.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Item Laser Relay
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_laser_relay_item_whitelist.*       # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Item Laser Relay
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_lava_factory_controller.*          # (default: true) PLACE Lava Factory Controller
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_leaf_generator.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Leaf-Eating Generator
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_miner.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Vertical Digger
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_misc.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.block_misc.name
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_oil_generator.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Oil Generator
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_booster.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Booster
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_breaker.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Breaker
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_energyface.*               # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Energyface
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_liquiface.*                # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Liquiface
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_placer.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Placer
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_phantom_redstoneface.*             # (default: true) PLACE Phantom Redstoneface
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_phantomface.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Phantomface
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_pillar_quartz_slab.*               # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Pillar Slab
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_pillar_quartz_stair.*              # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_pillar_quartz_wall.*               # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Pillar Wall
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_placer.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Auto-Placer
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_player_interface.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Player Interface
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_quartz_slab.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Slab
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_quartz_stair.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_quartz_wall.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Wall
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_ranged_collector.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Ranged Collector
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_refined_canola_oil.*               # (default: true) PLACE Refined Canola Oil
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_rice.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Rice Plant
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_shock_suppressor.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Shock Absorber
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_smiley_cloud.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Smiley Cloud
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_fence.*        # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Wall
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_slab.*         # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Slab
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_stairs.*       # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Stairs
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_green_wall.*         # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Green Block
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_fence.*        # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz Wall
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_slab.*         # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz Slab
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_stairs.*       # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_testifi_bucks_white_wall.*         # (default: true) PLACE Ethetic Quartz
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_tiny_torch.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Tiny Torch
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_treasure_chest.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Treasure Chest
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_wild.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.actuallyadditions.block_wild.name
fe.protection.trample.actuallyadditions.block_xp_solidifier.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Experience Solidifier
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.cable_bus.*                            # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.cell_workbench.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.charged_quartz_ore.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.charger.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.chest.*                                # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_block.*                # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.*          # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_slab.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_stairs.*               # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.condenser.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.controller.*                           # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_accelerator.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Co-Processing Unit
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_monitor.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_16k.*                 # (default: true) PLACE 16k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_1k.*                  # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_4k.*                  # (default: true) PLACE 4k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_64k.*                 # (default: true) PLACE 64k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_unit.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crank.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.creative_energy_cell.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.dense_energy_cell.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.drive.*                                # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.energy_acceptor.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.energy_cell.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.fluid_interface.*                      # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Interface
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.fluix_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.fluix_slab.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.fluix_stairs.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.grindstone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.inscriber.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.interface.*                            # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.io_port.*                              # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.light_detector.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.matrix_frame.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.molecular_assembler.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.paint.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.paint.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quantum_link.*                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quantum_ring.*                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_fixture.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_glass.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_growth_accelerator.*            # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_ore.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.*            # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_slab.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_stairs.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_stairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_vibrant_glass.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.security_station.*                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_compass.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_block.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.*          # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_slab.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_stairs.*               # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_chest.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_slab.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick.*                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.*    # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_slab.*           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_stairs.*         # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_stairs.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_block.*               # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_chest.*               # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.*         # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_slab.*                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_stairs.*              # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.spatial_io_port.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.spatial_pylon.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tiny_tnt.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.vibration_chamber.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.wireless_access_point.*                # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.bell.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.case.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.clock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.desk.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dinner Plate
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Disc Rack
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.label.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.seat.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.table.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ash_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.bamboo.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.bamboo_thatching.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Thatching
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.biome_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.blood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.blue_fire.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blue Fire
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.bramble_plant.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Bramble
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.cherry_door_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE item.cherry_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.cherry_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.coral.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.crystal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.dirt.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.double_other_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_other_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.double_plant.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_plant.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_0.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.dried_sand.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dried Sand
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ebony_door_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE item.ebony_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ebony_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE item.ethereal_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ethereal_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door_block.*                      # (default: true) PLACE item.eucalyptus_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.farmland_0.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.farmland_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.farmland_1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.farmland_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.fir_door_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE item.fir_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.fir_fence.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fir Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.fir_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.fir_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.flesh.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flesh
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.flower_0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.flower_1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.gem_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.gem_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.gem_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.gem_ore.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.grass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.grass_path.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.grass_path.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hard_ice.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE item.hellbark_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hellbark_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hive.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.honey.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.honey_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hot_spring_water.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ivy.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ivy
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE item.jacaranda_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_2.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_3.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_3.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_4.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_4.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_5.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_5.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_6.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_6.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.log_0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.log_1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.log_2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_2.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.log_3.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_3.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.log_4.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_4.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.magic_door_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE item.magic_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.magic_fence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Magic Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.magic_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Magic Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.magic_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE item.mahogany_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mahogany_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE item.mangrove_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mangrove_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mud.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mushroom.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.other_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.other_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.palm_door_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE item.palm_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.palm_fence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Palm Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.palm_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Palm Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.palm_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.pine_door_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE item.pine_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.pine_fence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pine Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.pine_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Pine Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.pine_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.planks_0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.plant_0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.plant_1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.poison.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.redwood_door_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE item.redwood_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.redwood_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door_block.*                      # (default: true) PLACE item.sacred_oak_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sand.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sapling_0.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sapling_1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sapling_2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_2.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.seaweed.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.seaweed.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.terrarium.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.terrarium.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.umbran_door_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE item.umbran_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.umbran_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.waterlily.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.white_sand.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE White Sand
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.white_sandstone.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone_stairs.*                     # (default: true) PLACE White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.willow_door_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE item.willow_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.willow_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.willow_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.willow_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.willow_vine.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Willow Vine
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_0.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.alchemycatalyst.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.alchemyCatalyst.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.alfheimportal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.alfheimPortal.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.altar.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.altar.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.altgrass.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.altGrass.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.animatedtorch.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.animatedTorch.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.avatar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.avatar.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.bellows.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.trample.botania.bifrost.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrost.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.bifrostperm.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPerm.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.bifrostpermpane.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.bifrostPermPane.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea0slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea0slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea0stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea0wall.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea10slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea10slabfull.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea10stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA10Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea11slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea11slabfull.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea11stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA11Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea12slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea12slabfull.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea12stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA12Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea13slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea13slabfull.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea13stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA13Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea14slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea14slabfull.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea14stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA14Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea15slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea15slabfull.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea15stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA15Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea1slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea1slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea1stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea2slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea2slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea2stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea3slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea3slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea3stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea4slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea4slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea4stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea5slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea5slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea5stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea6slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea6slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea6stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA6Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea7slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea7slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea7stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA7Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea8slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea8slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea8stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA8Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea9slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea9slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestonea9stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneA9Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb0slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb0slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb0stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb1slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb1slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb1stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb2slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb2slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb2stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb3slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb3slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb3stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb4slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb4slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb4stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb5slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb5slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb5stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb6slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb6slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb6stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB6Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb7slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb7slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.biomestoneb7stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.biomeStoneB7Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.blazeblock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.blazeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.brewery.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.brewery.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.buriedpetals.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.buriedPetals.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.cacophoniumblock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.cacophoniumBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.cellblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.cellBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.cocoon.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.cocoon.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.conjurationcatalyst.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.conjurationCatalyst.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.corporeacrystalcube.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaCrystalCube.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.corporeafunnel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaFunnel.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.corporeaindex.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaIndex.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.corporeainterceptor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaInterceptor.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.corporearetainer.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.corporeaRetainer.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.custombrick.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.customBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.distributor.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.distributor.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.doubleflower1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower1.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.doubleflower2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.doubleFlower2.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood0slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood0slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood0stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood0wall.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood1slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood1slabfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.dreamwood1stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.dreamwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.elfglass.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.elfglasspane.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.elfGlassPane.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.enchantedsoil.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchantedSoil.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.enchanter.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.enchanter.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.endereyeblock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.enderEyeBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.fakeair.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.fakeAir.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.felpumpkin.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.felPumpkin.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.floatingspecialflower.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.floatingSpecialFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.flower.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.forestdrum.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestDrum.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.foresteye.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.forestEye.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.gaiaheadblock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.ghostrail.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.ghostRail.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.hourglass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.hourglass.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.incenseplate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.incensePlate.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.lightlauncher.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightLauncher.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.lightrelay.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.lightRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock0slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock0slabfull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock0stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock0wall.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock1slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock1slabfull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingrock1stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingrock1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood0slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood0slabfull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood0stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood0wall.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood0Wall.normal.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood1slab.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood1slabfull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.livingwood1stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.livingwood1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.manabomb.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaBomb.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.manadetector.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaDetector.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.manaflame.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaFlame.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.managlass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.managlasspane.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaGlassPane.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.manavoid.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.manaVoid.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.miniisland.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.miniIsland.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.mushroom.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.botania.opencrate.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.openCrate.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement0slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement0slabfull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement0stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement1slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement1slabfull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement1stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement1Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement2slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement2slabfull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement2stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement2Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement3slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement3slabfull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement3stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement3Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement4slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement4slabfull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement4stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement4Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement5slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement5slabfull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pavement5stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pavement5Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.petalblock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.petalBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pistonrelay.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pistonRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.platform.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.platform.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pool.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pool.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.prism.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.prism.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pump.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pump.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.pylon.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pylon.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabblazefull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabblazehalf.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabBlazeHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabdarkfull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabdarkhalf.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabDarkHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabelffull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabelfhalf.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabElfHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslablavenderfull.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslablavenderhalf.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabLavenderHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabmanafull.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabmanahalf.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabManaHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabredfull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabredhalf.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabRedHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabsunnyfull.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzslabsunnyhalf.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzSlabSunnyHalf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzstairsblaze.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsBlaze.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzstairsdark.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsDark.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzstairself.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsElf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzstairslavender.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsLavender.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzstairsmana.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsMana.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzstairsred.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsRed.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartzstairssunny.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzStairsSunny.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartztypeblaze.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeBlaze.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartztypedark.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeDark.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartztypeelf.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeElf.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartztypelavender.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeLavender.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartztypemana.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeMana.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartztypered.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeRed.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.quartztypesunny.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.quartzTypeSunny.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.redstringcomparator.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringComparator.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.redstringcontainer.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringContainer.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.redstringdispenser.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringDispenser.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.redstringfertilizer.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringFertilizer.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.redstringinterceptor.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringInterceptor.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.redstringrelay.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.redStringRelay.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.rfgenerator.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.rfGenerator.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.root.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.root.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.runealtar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.runeAltar.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerrock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerrock0slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerrock0slabfull.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerrock0stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerrock0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerwoodplanks.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slab.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Slab.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0slabfull.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0SlabFull.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shimmerwoodplanks0stairs.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.shimmerwoodPlanks0Stairs.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.shinyflower.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.shinyFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.solidvine.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.solidVine.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.sparkchanger.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.sparkChanger.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.spawnerclaw.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.spawnerClaw.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.specialflower.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.specialFlower.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.spreader.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.spreader.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.starfield.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.starfield.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.storage.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.storage.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.terraplate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.terraPlate.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.teruterubozu.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.teruTeruBozu.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.tinyplanetblock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPlanetBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.tinypotato.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tinyPotato.name
fe.protection.trample.botania.turntable.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.turntable.name
fe.protection.trample.chickenchunks.chunk_loader.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.chickenchunks:chunk_loader.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.antiblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Antiblock
fe.protection.trample.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.basalt.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.basalt1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.basalt2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockbronze.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockcopper.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Electrum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockgold.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockinvar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Invar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockiron.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocklead.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocknickel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Nickel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Platinum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocksilver.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocksteel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocktin.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockuranium.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bricks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bricks1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bricks2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.brownstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_black.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_green.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_red.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_white.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cloud.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_black.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_black1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_black2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_green.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_green1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_green2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_orange.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_purple.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_red.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_white.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_white1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_white2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diamond.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.dirt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.emerald.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.chisel.endstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.endstone1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.endstone2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factory.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factory1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.futura.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.gold.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.icepillar.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ironpane.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.chisel.laboratory.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lapis.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marblepillar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.netherbrick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.netherrack.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.chisel.obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.paper.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Paper Wall
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-birch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Birch Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-oak.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oak Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.prismarine.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.chisel.prismarine1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.chisel.prismarine2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.quartz.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.trample.chisel.quartz1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.trample.chisel.redstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.redstone1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebrick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technicalnew.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.temple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.templemossy.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tyrian.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.valentines.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Valentines' Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_black.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_blue.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_brown.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_gray.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_green.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_lime.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_orange.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_pink.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_purple.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_red.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_white.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.trample.conarm.armorforge.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Armor Forge
fe.protection.trample.conarm.armorstation.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Armor Station
fe.protection.trample.conarm.soft_obsidian.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unstable Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcborder.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Border
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcbuilderblock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Builder Block
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npccarpentybench.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Carpentry Bench
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npccopyblock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Copy Block
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcmailbox.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mailbox
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcredstoneblock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcscripted.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Scripted Block
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcscripteddoor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE item.npcscripteddoor.name
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcwaypoint.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Location Quest Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.almond_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.apiary.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.apple_sapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.apricot_sapling.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.aridgarden.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arid Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.avocado_sapling.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.banana_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.beehive.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.breadfruit_sapling.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Breadfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco10.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco11.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco12.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco13.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco14.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco15.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco16.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco3.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco4.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco5.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco6.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco7.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco8.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco9.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.carrotcake.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cashew_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cheesecake.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cherry_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecake.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.chestnut_sapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecake.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cinnamon_sapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.coconut_sapling.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.date_sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.dragonfruit_sapling.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.durian_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.fig_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.frostgarden.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Frost Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.gooseberry_sapling.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.grapefruit_sapling.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.grinder.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grinder
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.groundtrap.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ground Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.guava_sapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Guava Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.hazelnut_sapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Hazelnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.holidaycake.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.honey.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.honeycomb.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Honeycomb Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.jackfruit_sapling.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Jackfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.lamingtoncake.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.lemon_sapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.lime_sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.lychee_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lychee Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.mango_sapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.maple_sapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.market.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.nutmeg_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.olive_sapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.orange_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamagavecrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamagavecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamalmond.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamamaranthcrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamamaranthcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamapple.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamapricot.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamarrowrootcrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamarrowrootcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamartichokecrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamartichokecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamasparaguscrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamasparaguscrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamavocado.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambambooshootcrop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambambooshootcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambanana.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambarleycrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambarleycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeancrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambeancrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeetcrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambeetcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambellpeppercrop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambellpeppercrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblackberrycrop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamblackberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblueberrycrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamblueberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambreadfruit.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Breadfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambroccolicrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambroccolicrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutcrop.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambrusselsproutcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcabbagecrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcabbagecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitcrop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcactusfruitcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleberrycrop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcandleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupecrop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcantaloupecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcashew.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcassavacrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcassavacrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowercrop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcauliflowercrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcelerycrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcelerycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcherry.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchestnut.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchickpeacrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamchickpeacrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchilipeppercrop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamchilipeppercrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcinnamon.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoconut.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeancrop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcoffeebeancrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcorncrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcorncrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcottoncrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcottoncrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcranberrycrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcranberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcucumbercrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcucumbercrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafcrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcurryleafcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruit.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdurian.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pameggplantcrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pameggplantcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamelderberrycrop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamelderberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamfig.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamflaxcrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamflaxcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgarliccrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgarliccrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgigapicklecrop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgigapicklecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgingercrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgingercrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgooseberry.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapecrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgrapecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruit.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgreengrapecrop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgreengrapecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamguava.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Guava
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamhazelnut.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hazelnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamhuckleberrycrop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamhuckleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamjackfruit.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Jackfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamjicamacrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamjicamacrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamjutecrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamjutecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamkalecrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkalecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamkenafcrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkenafcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamkiwicrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkiwicrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamkohlrabicrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkohlrabicrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamleekcrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamleekcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlemon.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlentilcrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamlentilcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlettucecrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamlettucecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlychee.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lychee
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammango.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammaple.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammilletcrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pammilletcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammulberrycrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pammulberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammustardseedscrop.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pammustardseedscrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamnutmeg.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamoatscrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamoatscrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamokracrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamokracrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamolive.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamonioncrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamonioncrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamorange.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampapaya.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampaperbark.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamparsnipcrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamparsnipcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampassionfruit.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Passionfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampawpaw.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pawpaw
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeach.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeanutcrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampeanutcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampear.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeascrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampeascrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampecan.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeppercorn.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampersimmon.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampineapplecrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampineapplecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampistachio.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamplum.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampomegranate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamquinoacrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamquinoacrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamradishcrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamradishcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrambutan.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rambutan
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamraspberrycrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamraspberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbcrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamrhubarbcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamricecrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamricecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrutabagacrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamrutabagacrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamryecrop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamryecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamscallioncrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamscallioncrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamseaweedcrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamseaweedcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedscrop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsesameseedscrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsisalcrop.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsisalcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsoursop.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Soursop
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsoybeancrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsoybeancrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafcrop.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamspiceleafcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspiderweb.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Spider Web
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspinachcrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamspinachcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstarfruit.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstrawberrycrop.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamstrawberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatocrop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsweetpotatocrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtamarind.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Tamarind
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtarocrop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtarocrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtealeafcrop.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtealeafcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtomatocrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtomatocrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamturnipcrop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamturnipcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamvanillabean.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwalnut.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutcrop.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwaterchestnutcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomcrop.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwhitemushroomcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashcrop.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwintersquashcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamzucchinicrop.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamzucchinicrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.papaya_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.paperbark_sapling.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.passionfruit_sapling.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Passion Fruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pavlovacake.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pawpaw_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Pawpaw Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.peach_sapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pear_sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pecan_sapling.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.peppercorn_sapling.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.persimmon_sapling.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncake.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pistachio_sapling.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.plum_sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pomegranate_sapling.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pressedwax.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pressed Wax Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.presser.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecake.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.rambutan_sapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Rambutan Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.redvelvetcake.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.shadedgarden.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Shaded Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.shippingbin.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Shipping Bin
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.soggygarden.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Soggy Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.soursop_sapling.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Soursop Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.spiderweb_sapling.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Spider Web Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.starfruit_sapling.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.tamarind_sapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Tamarind Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.vanillabean_sapling.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.walnut_sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.waterfilter.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Water Filter
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.watertrap.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Water Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.waxcomb.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Waxcomb Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.well.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Well
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.windygarden.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Windy Garden
fe.protection.trample.ichunutil.compact_porkchop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Compact Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.basicblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.basicblock2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.boundingblock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.cardboardbox.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.energycube.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.gastank.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.glowpanel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glow Panel
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.glowplasticblock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.machineblock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.machineblock2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.machineblock3.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.obsidiantnt.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.oreblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.plasticblock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.plasticfence.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.reinforcedplasticblock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.roadplasticblock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Road
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.saltblock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.slickplasticblock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.transmitter.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Transmitter.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanismgenerators.generator.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanismgenerators.reactor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanismgenerators.reactorglass.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Activator Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.air.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Air
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.anvil.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.barrier.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Warding Aura
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beacon.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bed.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bed.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bedrock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beetroots.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Beetroots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_door.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bone_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bone Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cactus.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carpet.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carrots.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cauldron.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Chain Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Flower
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Plant
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.clay.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cocoa.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.command_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.concrete.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.deadbush.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Detector Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dirt.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dispenser.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_plant.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Plant
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dropper.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                               # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_rod.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE End Rod
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.farmland.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fire.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flower Pot
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Frosted Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.furnace.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glowstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Powered Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass_path.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grass Path
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gravel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hay_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hopper.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_door.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jukebox.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ladder.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lava.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lever.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.magma.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Magma Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mycelium.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.netherrack.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.noteblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.observer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Observer
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.obsidian.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_extension.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_head.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.planks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.portal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.potatoes.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.prismarine.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.rail.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_flower.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.reeds.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sand.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oak Sapling
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sea Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.skull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.slime.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Slime Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sponge.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_banner.*                                # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_button.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.structure_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Structure Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.structure_void.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Structure Void
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tnt.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.torch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.vine.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.water.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.waterlily.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.web.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wheat.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) PLACE White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) PLACE White Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oak Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wool.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.oreberries.aluminum_oreberry_bush.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Aluminum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.oreberries.copper_oreberry_bush.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Copper Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.oreberries.essence_oreberry_bush.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Essence Berry Bush
fe.protection.trample.oreberries.gold_oreberry_bush.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Gold Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.oreberries.iron_oreberry_bush.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.oreberries.tin_oreberry_bush.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tin Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.pewter.molten_elementium.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Elementium
fe.protection.trample.pewter.molten_manasteel.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manasteel
fe.protection.trample.pewter.molten_osmium.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Osmium
fe.protection.trample.pewter.molten_terrasteel.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Terrasteel
fe.protection.trample.pewter.molten_thaumium.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Thaumium
fe.protection.trample.pewter.molten_voidmetal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Void Metal
fe.protection.trample.pewter.pewterfluid.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE fluid.other.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.blood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.blood.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.blueslime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*               # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*                # (default: true) PLACE Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*              # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.casting.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.channel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.faucet.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Faucet
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.firewood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.glow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glow
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.metal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.milk.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_alubrass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_aluminum.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_brass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Brass
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Clay
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_electrum.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Emerald
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_lead.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_nickel.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_silver.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_tin.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Tin
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_zinc.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.ore.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.punji.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Punji Sticks
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.rack.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.soil.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stone Ladder
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.toolforge.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.tooltables.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.wooden_hopper.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Hopper
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.activator_rail.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Activator Rail
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.alembic.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Alembic
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.amber_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Amber Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.amber_brick.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Amber Bricks
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.arcane_ear.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Ear
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.arcane_ear_toggle.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Ear (Toggle)
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Workbench
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench_charger.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Workbench Charger
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_black.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_blue.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blue Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_brown.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brown Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_crimson_cult.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Crimson Cult Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_gray.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gray Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_green.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Green Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_lightblue.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_lime.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lime Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_magenta.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_orange.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_pink.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_purple.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purple Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_red.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_silver.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_white.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.barrier.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Warding Aura
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.bellows.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.brain_box.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mnemonic Matrix
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_black.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_blue.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_brown.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brown Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_gray.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_green.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Green Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_lightblue.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_lime.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lime Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_magenta.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_orange.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_pink.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_purple.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purple Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_red.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_silver.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_white.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE White Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.centrifuge.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Centrifuge
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.cinderpearl.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.condenser.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flux Condenser
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice_dirty.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Clogged Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crucible.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crucible
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_aer.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Air Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_aqua.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Water Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_ignis.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fire Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_ordo.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Order Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_perditio.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Entropy Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_terra.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Earth Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_vitium.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Flux Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.dioptra.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Dioptra
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.effect_glimmer.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Glimmer
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.effect_sap.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sapping Field
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.effect_shock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Static Field
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.empty.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.essentia_input.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Filling Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.essentia_output.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Emptying Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.everfull_urn.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.flesh_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Flesh
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.flux_goo.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.golem_builder.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.grass_ambient.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ambient Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.hole.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Tear
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.hungry_chest.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.infernal_furnace.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.infusion_matrix.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Runic Matrix
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.inlay.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.jar_brain.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brain in a Jar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.jar_normal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Warded Jar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.jar_void.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Void Jar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.lamp_arcane.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Lamp
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.lamp_fertility.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lamp of Fertility
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.lamp_growth.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lamp of Growth  
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.leaves_greatwood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.leaves_silverwood.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.levitator.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.liquid_death.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.log_greatwood.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Log
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.log_silverwood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Log
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_crate_common.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Common Crate
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_crate_rare.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Rare Crate
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_crate_uncommon.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Uncommon Crate
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_urn_common.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Common Urn
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_urn_rare.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rare Urn
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_urn_uncommon.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Uncommon Urn
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.matrix_cost.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Cost Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.matrix_speed.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Speed Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical_advanced.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.metal_brass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brass Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.metal_thaumium.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.metal_void.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Void Metal Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.mirror.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.mirror_essentia.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Mirror
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_black.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Black Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_blue.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_brown.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brown Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_cyan.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_gray.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gray Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_green.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Green Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_lightblue.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_lime.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lime Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_magenta.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_orange.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Orange Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_pink.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pink Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_purple.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purple Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_red.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_silver.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_white.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_yellow.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.ore_amber.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Amber Bearing Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.ore_cinnabar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cinnabar Ore
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.ore_quartz.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pattern_crafter.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pattern Crafter
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.paving_stone_barrier.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Barrier Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.paving_stone_travel.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Paving Stone of Travel
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pedestal_ancient.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pedestal_arcane.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pedestal_eldritch.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pillar_ancient.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pillar_arcane.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pillar_eldritch.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_anvil.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_bars.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_brick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_cauldron.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_obsidian.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_table.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.plank_greatwood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Planks
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.plank_silverwood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Planks
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.potion_sprayer.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Potion Sprayer
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.purifying_fluid.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.recharge_pedestal.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.redstone_relay.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Relay
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.research_table.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Research Table
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.sapling_greatwood.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Sapling
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.sapling_silverwood.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Sapling
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.shimmerleaf.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_ancient.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_brick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_ancient.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_ancient.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_brick.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_arcane_brick.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_stone.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_arcane_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_eldritch.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_eldritch.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_greatwood.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_greatwood.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_silverwood.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_silverwood.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_eldritch.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.smelter_aux.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Auxiliary Slurry Pump
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.smelter_basic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.smelter_thaumium.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.smelter_vent.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Auxiliary Venting Port
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.smelter_void.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Void Metal Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.spa.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Spa
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stabilizer.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stabilizer
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stairs_ancient.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane_brick.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stairs_greatwood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stairs_silverwood.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_ancient.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_doorway.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_glyphed.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Glyphed Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_rock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Rock
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_tile.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Tile
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_arcane.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_arcane_brick.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Brick
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_eldritch_tile.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_porous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Porous Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.table_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Table
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.table_wood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wood Table
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_crust.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crusted Taint
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_feature.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Swollen Taint
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_fibre.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fibrous Taint
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_geyser.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Taint Geyser
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_log.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Taintwood Log
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_rock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Rock
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_soil.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.thaumatorium.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.thaumatorium_top.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Tube
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube_buffer.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Buffer
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube_filter.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Essentia Tube
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube_oneway.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Directional Essentia Tube
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube_restrict.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Restricted Essentia Tube
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube_valve.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Valve
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.vis_battery.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vis Battery
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.vis_generator.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vis Generator
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.vishroom.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Vishroom
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.void_siphon.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Void Siphon
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.wand_workbench.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Focal Manipulator
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.black_quartz_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Black Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.dissimulation.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dissimulation Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.enchantment_pillar.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Enchanting Pillar
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.example.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Placeholder Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.funnel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Funnel
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.magnet.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Kinetic Attractor
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.mob_magnet.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Corporeal Attractor
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.nitor_vapor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumictinkerer:nitor_vapor.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.osmotic_enchanter.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Osmotic Enchanter
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.repairer.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Restorer
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.transvector_dislocator.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.thaumictinkerer:transvector_dislocator.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumictinkerer.transvector_interface.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Transvector Interface
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.aurora_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Block
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.aurora_pillar.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.aurora_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.auroralized_glass.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Auroralized Glass
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.block_storage.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.BlockOfStorage.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.boss_spawner.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.BossSpawner.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.burnt_thorns.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_brick.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_door.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_door_vanished.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_pillar.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastlePillar.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_rune_brick.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairs.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_stairs_brick.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_stairs_cracked.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsCracked.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_stairs_mossy.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_stairs_worn.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsWorn.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_unlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleUnlock.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.cicada.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cicada
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.cinder_furnace.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.cinder_furnace_lit.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.cinder_log.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.dark_leaves.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.deadrock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Deadrock.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.double_aurora_slab.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.etched_nagastone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_mossy.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_weathered.*                # (default: true) PLACE Ruined Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.experiment115.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.fiery_essence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.fiery_essence.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.fire_jet.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.FireJet.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.firefly.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Firefly
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.firefly_jar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.fluffy_cloud.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.force_field.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.ForceField.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.giant_cobblestone.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.giant_leaves.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.giant_log.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Giant Log
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.giant_obsidian.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.hedge.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Hedge.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.huge_lilypad.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.huge_mushgloom.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.huge_stalk.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.huge_waterlily.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.knightmetal_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.lapis_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block Of Lapis [NYI]
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.magic_leaves.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.magic_log.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLog.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.magic_log_core.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.maze_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Mazestone.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.miniature_structure.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MiniatureStructure.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.molten_fierymetal.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.fierymetal.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.molten_knightmetal.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.knightmetal.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.moonworm.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Moonworm
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.naga_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Nagastone.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_mossy.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_weathered.*                # (default: true) PLACE Ruined Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairs.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_mossy.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_weathered.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsWeathered.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.root.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Roots.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.slider.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Slider.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.spiral_bricks.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Spiral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.stronghold_shield.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Shield.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.thorn_rose.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.thorns.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Thorns.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.tower_device.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.tower_translucent.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.tower_wood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerStone.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trollber.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Trollber
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trollsteinn.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trollvidr.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Trollvidr
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trophy.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trophy_pedestal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_leaves.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_leaves_3.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Leaves3.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_log.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Log.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_plant.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Plant.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_portal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_sapling.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Sapling
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.uberous_soil.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.uncrafting_table.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.underbrick.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.UnderBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.unripe_trollber.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.wispy_cloud.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cloud
