#// --------- PERMISSIONS LIST ITEMS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 29.12 01:08 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 9267 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.craft.*                                                  # (default: true) Allow crafting of items. Not necessarily works with modded crafting tables
fe.protection.craft.baubles.ring.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Miner's Ring
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.atlasbook.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.atlasplate.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Atlas Plate
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.bibliochase.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Chase
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.biblioclipboard.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Clipboard
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.bibliocreativelock.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lock and Key
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.bibliodrill.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Screw Gun
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.biblioglasses.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Reading Glasses
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.biblioredbook.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.bigbook.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Big Writing Book
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.compass.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Compass
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.deathcompass.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Eternal Compass
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.enchantedplate.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.framingboard.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Board
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.framingsaw.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Saw
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.framingsheet.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Sheet
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.handdrill.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hand Drill
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.maptool.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Drafting Compass
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.paintingcanvas.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Painting Canvas
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.plumbline.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Plumb line
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.printplate.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Print Press Plate
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.recipebook.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.slottedbook.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Slotted Book
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.stockroomcatalog.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.tape.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.tapemeasure.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tape Measure
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.testeritem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.ash.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Pile of Ashes
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.berries.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Berry
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.biome_essence.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Essence
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.biome_finder.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Biome Finder
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.black_dye.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Black Dye
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.blue_dye.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blue Dye
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_cherry.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_ebony.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ebony Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_ethereal.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ethereal Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_eucalyptus.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Eucalyptus Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_fir.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fir Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_hellbark.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hellbark Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_jacaranda.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Jacaranda Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_magic.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_mahogany.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mahogany Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_mangrove.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mangrove Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_palm.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Palm Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_pine.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pine Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_redwood.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Redwood Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_sacred_oak.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sacred Oak Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_umbran.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Umbran Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.boat_willow.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Willow Boat
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.brown_dye.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Brown Dye
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.cherry_door.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.crystal_shard.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Crystal Shard
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.earth.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Earth
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.ebony_door.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ebony Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ethereal Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.filled_honeycomb.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Filled Honeycomb
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.fir_door.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fir Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.fleshchunk.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chunk of Flesh
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.gem.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.green_dye.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Green Dye
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hellbark Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.honeycomb.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Jacaranda Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.jar_empty.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Jar
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.jar_filled.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Jar
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.magic_door.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mahogany Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mangrove Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.mud_brick.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mud Brick
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.mudball.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mud Ball
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.palm_door.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Palm Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.peach.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Peach
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.pear.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pear
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.persimmon.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.pine_door.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pine Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.record_wanderer.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.redwood_door.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Redwood Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.ricebowl.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl of Rice
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Sacred Oak Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.shroompowder.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shroom Powder
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.terrestrial_artifact.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Terrestrial Artifact
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.umbran_door.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Umbran Door
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.white_dye.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT White Dye
fe.protection.craft.biomesoplenty.willow_door.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Willow Door
fe.protection.craft.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT iChisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.chisel_iron.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.offsettool.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.craft.conarm.armor_plate.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Plates
fe.protection.craft.conarm.armor_trim.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Trim
fe.protection.craft.conarm.book.*                                      # (default: true) CRAFT Materials and You - Armory Addendum
fe.protection.craft.conarm.boots.*                                     # (default: true) CRAFT Boots
fe.protection.craft.conarm.boots_core.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Boots Core
fe.protection.craft.conarm.chest_core.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chestplate Core
fe.protection.craft.conarm.chestplate.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.conarm.frosty_soles.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Frosty Soles
fe.protection.craft.conarm.gauntlet_mat.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gauntlet (Base)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.gauntlet_mat_attack.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Gauntlet of Power
fe.protection.craft.conarm.gauntlet_mat_reach.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gauntlet of Far Reach
fe.protection.craft.conarm.gauntlet_mat_speed.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Gauntlet of Dexterity
fe.protection.craft.conarm.helmet.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Helmet
fe.protection.craft.conarm.helmet_core.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Helmet Core
fe.protection.craft.conarm.invisible_ink.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Invisible Ink
fe.protection.craft.conarm.leggings.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Leggings
fe.protection.craft.conarm.leggings_core.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Leggings Core
fe.protection.craft.conarm.polishing_kit.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Polishing Kit
fe.protection.craft.conarm.resist_mat.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Resistance
fe.protection.craft.conarm.resist_mat_blast.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blast Resistance
fe.protection.craft.conarm.resist_mat_fire.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Resistance
fe.protection.craft.conarm.resist_mat_proj.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Projectile Resistance
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_belt.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Belt (Storage)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_belt_base.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Belt (Base)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_cloak.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Cloak (Base)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_goggles.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Goggles (Zoom)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_goggles_base.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Goggles (Base)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_night.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Goggles (Night Vision)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_potion.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Belt (Alchemy)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_sack.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Knapsack
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_slowfall.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Cloak (Slow Fall)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_sneak.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Cloak (Invisibility)
fe.protection.craft.conarm.travel_soul.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Traveller's Goggles (Soul Sight)
fe.protection.craft.forge.bucketfilled.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket
fe.protection.craft.gravestone.death_info.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Death Info
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.copper_iron_chest_upgrade.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.copper_iron_shulker_upgrade.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.copper_silver_chest_upgrade.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.copper_silver_shulker_upgrade.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Copper to Silver Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.diamond_crystal_chest_upgrade.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.diamond_crystal_shulker_upgrade.*        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Crystal Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_shulker_upgrade.*       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond to Obsidian Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.gold_diamond_chest_upgrade.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.gold_diamond_shulker_upgrade.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Gold to Diamond Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.iron_gold_chest_upgrade.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.iron_gold_shulker_upgrade.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.silver_gold_chest_upgrade.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.silver_gold_shulker_upgrade.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Silver to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.vanilla_copper_shulker_upgrade.*         # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla to Copper Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.vanilla_iron_shulker_upgrade.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.wood_copper_chest_upgrade.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.ironchest.wood_iron_chest_upgrade.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.anchorupgrade.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Anchor Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.armoredjetpack.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.atomicalloy.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.atomicdisassembler.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.balloon.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT §8Black Balloon
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.biofuel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bio Fuel
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.clump.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Clump
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.compressedcarbon.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.compresseddiamond.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.compressedobsidian.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.compressedredstone.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.configurationcard.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Configuration Card
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.configurator.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Configurator
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.controlcircuit.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.craftingformula.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crafting Formula
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.crystal.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Crystal
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.dictionary.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Dictionary
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.dirtydust.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.dust.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Dust
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.electricbow.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Electric Bow
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.electrolyticcore.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.energytablet.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Tablet
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.energyupgrade.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.enrichedalloy.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.enrichediron.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Enriched Iron
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.filterupgrade.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.flamethrower.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Flamethrower
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.freerunners.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Free Runners
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.gasmask.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Mask
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.gasupgrade.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.gaugedropper.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.ingot.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.itemproxy.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.jetpack.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Jetpack
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.mufflingupgrade.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.networkreader.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Network Reader
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.nugget.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Refined Obsidian Nugget
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.otherdust.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Dust
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.polyethene.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.portableteleporter.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.reinforcedalloy.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.robit.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Robit
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.salt.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Salt
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.sawdust.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sawdust
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.scubatank.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Scuba Tank
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.seismicreader.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Seismic Reader
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.shard.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shard
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.speedupgrade.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.substrate.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Substrate
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.teleportationcore.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Teleportation Core
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.tierinstaller.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.craft.mekanism.walkietalkie.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.craft.mekanismgenerators.hohlraum.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Hohlraum
fe.protection.craft.mekanismgenerators.solarpanel.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Solar Panel
fe.protection.craft.mekanismgenerators.turbineblade.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Turbine Blade
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.acacia_door.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.air.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Air
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.apple.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.armor_stand.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.arrow.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.baked_potato.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bed.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT White Bed
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beef.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Beef
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beetroot.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Beetroot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.birch_boat.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Birch Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.birch_door.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Birch Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Powder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.boat.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bone.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.book.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bow.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bowl.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bread.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bread
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brick.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bucket.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cake.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cake
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cauldron.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cauldron
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Chest
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chicken.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clay_ball.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Clay
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clock.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Clock
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.coal.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.comparator.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.compass.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Compass
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steak
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cookie.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cookie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dye.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Sac
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.egg.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.elytra.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Elytra
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.emerald.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.end_crystal.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT End Crystal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_eye.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Eye of Ender
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.feather.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Feather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.filled_map.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fire_charge.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Charge
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.firework_charge.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fireworks.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Rocket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fish.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Flint
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Flint and Steel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flower_pot.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Flower Pot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Furnace
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Tear
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_apple.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_axe.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_boots.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_sword.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gunpowder.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gunpowder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Hopper
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_axe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_boots.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_door.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_sword.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.item_frame.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Jungle Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.jungle_door.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Jungle Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Knowledge Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lead.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lead
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Leather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_boots.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Tunic
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Cap
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Pants
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lingering Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.magma_cream.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Magma Cream
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.map.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Milk
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.minecart.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mutton.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Mutton
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.name_tag.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Name Tag
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_star.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_wart.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Wart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherbrick.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.painting.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Painting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.paper.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Paper
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.porkchop.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potato.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potion.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.quartz.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_11.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_13.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_blocks.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_cat.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_chirp.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_far.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mall.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_stal.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_strad.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_wait.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_ward.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.redstone.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.reeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Canes
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.repeater.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.saddle.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Saddle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shears.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shears
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shield.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shulker Shell
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sign.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sign
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.skull.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.slime_ball.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Slimeball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.snowball.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Snowball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Glistering Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spider_eye.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.splash_potion.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Splash Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Spruce Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spruce_door.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Spruce Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stick.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_axe.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_sword.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.string.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT String
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sugar.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Uncraftable Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with TNT
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Totem of Undying
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.water_bucket.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_door.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.writable_book.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Book and Quill
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.written_book.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Written Book
fe.protection.craft.oreberries.aluminum_nugget.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Nugget
fe.protection.craft.oreberries.aluminum_oreberry.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Aluminum Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.oreberries.copper_nugget.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Nugget
fe.protection.craft.oreberries.copper_oreberry.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.oreberries.essence_oreberry.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Concentrated Essence Berry
fe.protection.craft.oreberries.gold_oreberry.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.oreberries.iron_oreberry.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.oreberries.tin_nugget.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Nugget
fe.protection.craft.oreberries.tin_oreberry.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tin Oreberry
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.arrow.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.arrow_head.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.arrow_shaft.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow Shaft
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.axe_head.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.battlesign.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Battlesign
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.binding.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Binding
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.bolt.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bolt
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.bolt_core.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bolt Core
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.book.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Materials and You
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.bow_limb.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bowlimb
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.bow_string.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bowstring
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.broadsword.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cast.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cast_custom.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ingot Cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.clay_cast.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.clay_cast.blank
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cleaver.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cleaver
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cross_guard.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cross Guard
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.crossbow.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.edible.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.excavator.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Excavator
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.excavator_head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Excavator Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.fancy_frame.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fancy Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.fletching.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fletching
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.frypan.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Frypan
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hammer.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hammer
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hand_guard.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hand Guard
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hatchet.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ingots.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Ingot
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.kama.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Kama
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.kama_head.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Kama Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.knife_blade.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.large_plate.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Large Plate
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.large_sword_blade.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.longbow.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Longbow
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.longsword.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Longsword
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.lumberaxe.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lumberaxe
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.materials.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Seared Brick
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.mattock.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mattock
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.moms_spaghetti.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mom's Spaghetti
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.nuggets.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pan_head.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pan
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pattern.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Pattern
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pick_head.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.piggybackpack.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Piggybackpack
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.rapier.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Rapier
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.scythe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Scythe
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.scythe_head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Scythe Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.shard.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shard
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sharpening_kit.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sharpening Kit
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.shortbow.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shortbow
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.shovel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.shovel_head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.shuriken.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shuriken
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sign_head.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sign Plate
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Boots
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.slimesling.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Slimesling
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.spaghetti.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Impossibly Hard Wheat Sticks
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.stone_stick.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Rod
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sword_blade.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.throwball.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Glowball
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tool_rod.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tool Rod
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tough_binding.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tough Binding
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tough_tool_rod.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tough Tool Rod
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.wide_guard.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wide Guard
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.alumentum.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Alumentum
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.amber.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Amber
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.amulet_vis.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Vis Stone
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.bath_salts.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.baubles.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.bottle_taint.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle of Taint
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.brain.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Brain
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.caster_basic.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Caster's Gauntlet
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.causality_collapser.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Causality Collapser
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.celestial_notes.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Celestial Notes
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.charm_undying.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Undying
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.chunk.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Nugget
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.cloth_boots.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.cloth_chest.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.cloth_legs.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.cloud_ring.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cloudstepper Ring
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.cluster.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Native Iron Cluster
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.creative_flux_sponge.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Flux Sponge
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_blade.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Blade
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_boots.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_chest.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_helm.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_legs.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_chest.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_helm.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_legs.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_chest.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_helm.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_legs.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.crystal_essence.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT %s Vis Crystal
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.curio.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Curiosity
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.curiosity_band.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Headband of Curiosity
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.elemental_axe.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.elemental_hoe.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.elemental_pick.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.elemental_shovel.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.elemental_sword.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.enchanted_placeholder.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Any enchanted item
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.fabric.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Fabric
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.filter.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Essentia Filter
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.focus_1.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Lesser Focus
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.focus_2.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Advanced Focus
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.focus_3.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Greater Focus
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.focus_pouch.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Focus Pouch
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.fortress_chest.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.fortress_helm.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.fortress_legs.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.goggles.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.golem.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Golem
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.golem_bell.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.grapple_gun.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Grappler
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_spool.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Grappler Spool
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_tip.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Grappler Head
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.hand_mirror.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.ingot.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Ingot
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.jar_brace.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Lid Brace
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.label.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Label
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.loot_bag.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Common Treasure
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.mechanism_complex.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Complex Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.mechanism_simple.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Simple Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.mind.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Clockwork Mind
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.mirrored_glass.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mirrored Glass
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.module.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Vision Module
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.morphic_resonator.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Morphic Resonator
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.nugget.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Nugget
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.pech_wand.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pech Wand
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.phial.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Phial
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.plate.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Brass Plate
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.primal_crusher.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Primal Crusher
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.primordial_pearl.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.quicksilver.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Quicksilver
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.resonator.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.salis_mundus.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Salis Mundus
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.sanity_checker.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sanity Checker
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.sanity_soap.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.scribing_tools.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Scribing Tools
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.seal.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Seal
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.tallow.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Tallow
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_axe.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_boots.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_chest.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_helm.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_hoe.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_legs.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_pick.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_shovel.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumium_sword.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumometer.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumometer
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.thaumonomicon.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.traveller_boots.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.triple_meat_treat.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.turret.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Automated Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.verdant_charm.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Verdant Heart Charm
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.vis_resonator.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Vis Resonator
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_axe.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Void Axe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_boots.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Void Boots
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_chest.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Void Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_helm.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Void Helm
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_hoe.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Void Hoe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_legs.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Void Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_pick.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_robe_chest.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_robe_helm.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_robe_legs.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_seed.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Void Seed
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_shovel.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Void Shovel
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.void_sword.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Void Sword
fe.protection.craft.thaumcraft.voidseer_charm.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Voidseer's Pearl
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.alpha_fur.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.arctic_boots.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Boots
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.arctic_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.arctic_fur.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Fur
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.arctic_helmet.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Hood
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.arctic_leggings.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.armor_shard.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Shard
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.armor_shard_cluster.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.block_and_chain.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Block and Chain
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.borer_essence.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Borer Essence
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.carminite.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Carminite
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_1.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_2.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_3.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.charm_of_life_1.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Life I
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.charm_of_life_2.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Charm of Life II
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.cooked_meef.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Meef Steak
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.cooked_venison.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Venison Steak
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.crumble_horn.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Crumble Horn
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.cube_of_annihilation.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.cube_talisman.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ender_bow.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Bow
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Experiment 115
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_blood.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Blood
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_boots.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Boots
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_chestplate.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Plate
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_helmet.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Helm
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_ingot.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_leggings.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Legs
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_pickaxe.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Pick
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_sword.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Sword
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.fiery_tears.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fiery Tears
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.giant_pickaxe.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.giant_sword.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Giant's Sword
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.glass_sword.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Sword
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.hydra_chop.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hydra Chop
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ice_bomb.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Bomb
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ice_bow.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Bow
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ice_sword.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Sword
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_axe.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_boots.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_chestplate.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_helmet.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_hoe.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_ingot.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_leggings.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_pickaxe.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_raw.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_shovel.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ironwood_sword.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_axe.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Axe
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_boots.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Boots
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_chestplate.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Plate
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_helmet.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Helm
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_ingot.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_leggings.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_pickaxe.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Pick
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_ring.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.knightmetal_sword.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Knightly Sword
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.lamp_of_cinders.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.lifedrain_scepter.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.liveroot.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Liveroot
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.magic_beans.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Beans
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.magic_map.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Map
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.magic_map_empty.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.magic_map_focus.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.maze_map.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Maze Map
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.maze_map_empty.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.maze_map_focus.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.maze_wafer.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Maze Wafer
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.mazebreaker_pickaxe.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Mazebreaker
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.meef_stroganoff.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.minotaur_axe.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.moonworm_queen.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.naga_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.naga_leggings.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.naga_scale.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Scale
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ore_magnet.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ore Magnet
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ore_map.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ore_map_empty.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.ore_meter.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.peacock_fan.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.phantom_chestplate.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Phantom Plate
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.phantom_helmet.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Phantom Helm
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.raven_feather.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raven Feather
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.raw_meef.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Meef
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.raw_venison.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Venison
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.seeker_bow.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Seeker Bow
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.shield_scepter.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Scepter of Fortification
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_axe.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_boots.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_chestplate.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_helmet.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_hoe.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_ingot.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_leggings.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_pickaxe.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_shovel.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.steeleaf_sword.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.torchberries.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Torchberries
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.tower_key.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tower Key
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.transformation_powder.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Transformation Powder
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.triple_bow.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tri-bow
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.trophy.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Naga Trophy
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.twilight_scepter.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.yeti_boots.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Boots
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.yeti_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.yeti_helmet.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.yeti_leggings.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.craft.twilightforest.zombie_scepter.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Scepter
fe.protection.exist.*                                                  # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be destroyed if not allowed.
fe.protection.exist.baubles.ring.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Miner's Ring
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.atlasbook.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Atlas
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.atlasplate.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Atlas Plate
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.bibliochase.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Chase
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.biblioclipboard.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Clipboard
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.bibliocreativelock.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Lock and Key
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.bibliodrill.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Screw Gun
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.biblioglasses.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Reading Glasses
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.biblioredbook.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.bigbook.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Big Writing Book
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.compass.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Compass
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.deathcompass.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Eternal Compass
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.enchantedplate.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.framingboard.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Framing Board
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.framingsaw.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Framing Saw
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.framingsheet.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Framing Sheet
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.handdrill.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Hand Drill
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.maptool.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Drafting Compass
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.paintingcanvas.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Painting Canvas
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.plumbline.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Plumb line
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.printplate.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Print Press Plate
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.recipebook.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.slottedbook.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Slotted Book
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.stockroomcatalog.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.tape.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.tapemeasure.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Tape Measure
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.testeritem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.ash.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Pile of Ashes
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.berries.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Berry
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.biome_essence.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Biome Essence
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.biome_finder.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Biome Finder
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.black_dye.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Black Dye
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.blue_dye.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Blue Dye
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_cherry.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_ebony.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Ebony Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_ethereal.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Ethereal Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_eucalyptus.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Eucalyptus Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_fir.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Fir Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_hellbark.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Hellbark Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_jacaranda.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Jacaranda Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_magic.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Magic Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_mahogany.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Mahogany Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_mangrove.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Mangrove Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_palm.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Palm Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_pine.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Pine Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_redwood.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Redwood Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_sacred_oak.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Sacred Oak Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_umbran.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Umbran Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.boat_willow.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Willow Boat
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.brown_dye.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Brown Dye
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.cherry_door.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.crystal_shard.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Crystal Shard
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.earth.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Earth
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.ebony_door.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Ebony Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Ethereal Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.filled_honeycomb.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Filled Honeycomb
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.fir_door.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Fir Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.fleshchunk.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chunk of Flesh
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.gem.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.green_dye.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Green Dye
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Hellbark Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.honeycomb.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Jacaranda Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.jar_empty.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Empty Jar
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.jar_filled.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Honey Jar
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.magic_door.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Magic Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Mahogany Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Mangrove Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.mud_brick.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Mud Brick
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.mudball.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Mud Ball
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.palm_door.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Palm Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.peach.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Peach
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.pear.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Pear
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.persimmon.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.pine_door.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Pine Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.record_wanderer.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.redwood_door.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Redwood Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.ricebowl.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Bowl of Rice
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Sacred Oak Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.shroompowder.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Shroom Powder
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.terrestrial_artifact.*               # (default: true) EXIST Terrestrial Artifact
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.umbran_door.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Umbran Door
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.white_dye.*                          # (default: true) EXIST White Dye
fe.protection.exist.biomesoplenty.willow_door.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Willow Door
fe.protection.exist.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                             # (default: true) EXIST iChisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.chisel_iron.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.offsettool.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.exist.conarm.armor_plate.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Armor Plates
fe.protection.exist.conarm.armor_trim.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Armor Trim
fe.protection.exist.conarm.book.*                                      # (default: true) EXIST Materials and You - Armory Addendum
fe.protection.exist.conarm.boots.*                                     # (default: true) EXIST Boots
fe.protection.exist.conarm.boots_core.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Boots Core
fe.protection.exist.conarm.chest_core.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Chestplate Core
fe.protection.exist.conarm.chestplate.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.conarm.frosty_soles.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Frosty Soles
fe.protection.exist.conarm.gauntlet_mat.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Gauntlet (Base)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.gauntlet_mat_attack.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Gauntlet of Power
fe.protection.exist.conarm.gauntlet_mat_reach.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Gauntlet of Far Reach
fe.protection.exist.conarm.gauntlet_mat_speed.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Gauntlet of Dexterity
fe.protection.exist.conarm.helmet.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Helmet
fe.protection.exist.conarm.helmet_core.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Helmet Core
fe.protection.exist.conarm.invisible_ink.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Invisible Ink
fe.protection.exist.conarm.leggings.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Leggings
fe.protection.exist.conarm.leggings_core.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Leggings Core
fe.protection.exist.conarm.polishing_kit.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Polishing Kit
fe.protection.exist.conarm.resist_mat.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Resistance
fe.protection.exist.conarm.resist_mat_blast.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Blast Resistance
fe.protection.exist.conarm.resist_mat_fire.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Fire Resistance
fe.protection.exist.conarm.resist_mat_proj.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Projectile Resistance
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_belt.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Belt (Storage)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_belt_base.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Belt (Base)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_cloak.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Cloak (Base)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_goggles.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Goggles (Zoom)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_goggles_base.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Goggles (Base)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_night.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Goggles (Night Vision)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_potion.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Belt (Alchemy)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_sack.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Knapsack
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_slowfall.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Cloak (Slow Fall)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_sneak.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Cloak (Invisibility)
fe.protection.exist.conarm.travel_soul.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Traveller's Goggles (Soul Sight)
fe.protection.exist.forge.bucketfilled.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bucket
fe.protection.exist.gravestone.death_info.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Death Info
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.copper_iron_chest_upgrade.*              # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.copper_iron_shulker_upgrade.*            # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.copper_silver_chest_upgrade.*            # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.copper_silver_shulker_upgrade.*          # (default: true) EXIST Copper to Silver Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.diamond_crystal_chest_upgrade.*          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.diamond_crystal_shulker_upgrade.*        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Crystal Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_shulker_upgrade.*       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond to Obsidian Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.gold_diamond_chest_upgrade.*             # (default: true) EXIST Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.gold_diamond_shulker_upgrade.*           # (default: true) EXIST Gold to Diamond Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.iron_gold_chest_upgrade.*                # (default: true) EXIST Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.iron_gold_shulker_upgrade.*              # (default: true) EXIST Iron to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.silver_gold_chest_upgrade.*              # (default: true) EXIST Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.silver_gold_shulker_upgrade.*            # (default: true) EXIST Silver to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.vanilla_copper_shulker_upgrade.*         # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla to Copper Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.vanilla_iron_shulker_upgrade.*           # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.wood_copper_chest_upgrade.*              # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.ironchest.wood_iron_chest_upgrade.*                # (default: true) EXIST Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.anchorupgrade.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Anchor Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.armoredjetpack.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.atomicalloy.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.atomicdisassembler.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.balloon.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST §8Black Balloon
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.biofuel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bio Fuel
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.clump.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron Clump
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.compressedcarbon.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.compresseddiamond.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.compressedobsidian.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.compressedredstone.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.configurationcard.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Configuration Card
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.configurator.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Configurator
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.controlcircuit.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.craftingformula.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Crafting Formula
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.crystal.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Iron Crystal
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.dictionary.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Dictionary
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.dirtydust.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.dust.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Iron Dust
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.electricbow.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Electric Bow
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.electrolyticcore.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.energytablet.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Energy Tablet
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.energyupgrade.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.enrichedalloy.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.enrichediron.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Enriched Iron
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.filterupgrade.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.flamethrower.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Flamethrower
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.freerunners.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Free Runners
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.gasmask.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gas Mask
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.gasupgrade.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.gaugedropper.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.ingot.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.itemproxy.*                               # (default: true) EXIST item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.jetpack.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Jetpack
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.mufflingupgrade.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.networkreader.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Network Reader
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.nugget.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Refined Obsidian Nugget
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.otherdust.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Dust
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.polyethene.*                              # (default: true) EXIST HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.portableteleporter.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.reinforcedalloy.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.robit.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Robit
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.salt.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Salt
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.sawdust.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Sawdust
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.scubatank.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Scuba Tank
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.seismicreader.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Seismic Reader
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.shard.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shard
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.speedupgrade.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.substrate.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Substrate
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.teleportationcore.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Teleportation Core
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.tierinstaller.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.exist.mekanism.walkietalkie.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.exist.mekanismgenerators.hohlraum.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Hohlraum
fe.protection.exist.mekanismgenerators.solarpanel.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Solar Panel
fe.protection.exist.mekanismgenerators.turbineblade.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Turbine Blade
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.acacia_door.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.air.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Air
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.apple.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.armor_stand.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Armor Stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.arrow.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.baked_potato.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bed.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST White Bed
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beef.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raw Beef
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beetroot.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Beetroot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.birch_boat.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Birch Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.birch_door.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Birch Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Powder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.boat.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Oak Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bone.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.book.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bow.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bowl.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bowl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bread.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bread
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Brewing Stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brick.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bucket.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cake.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cake
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cauldron.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Cauldron
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chain Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chain Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chain Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Chest
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chicken.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Raw Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clay_ball.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Clay
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clock.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Clock
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.coal.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Coal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.comparator.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.compass.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Compass
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Steak
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cookie.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cookie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Diamond
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dye.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ink Sac
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.egg.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.elytra.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Elytra
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.emerald.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Emerald
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.end_crystal.*                            # (default: true) EXIST End Crystal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_eye.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Eye of Ender
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.feather.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Feather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.filled_map.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fire_charge.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Fire Charge
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.firework_charge.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Firework Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fireworks.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Firework Rocket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fish.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raw Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Flint
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Flint and Steel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flower_pot.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Flower Pot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Furnace
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Tear
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Glass Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Gold Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Gold Nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_apple.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Golden Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_axe.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Golden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_boots.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Golden Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Golden Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Golden Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Golden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Golden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_sword.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Golden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gunpowder.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Gunpowder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Hopper
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_axe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_boots.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Iron Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_door.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Iron Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_sword.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.item_frame.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Jungle Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.jungle_door.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Jungle Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Knowledge Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Lava Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lead.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lead
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Leather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_boots.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Leather Tunic
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Leather Cap
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Leather Pants
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Lingering Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.magma_cream.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Magma Cream
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.map.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Melon Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Milk
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.minecart.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mutton.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Mutton
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.name_tag.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Name Tag
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_star.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Nether Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_wart.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Nether Wart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherbrick.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Nether Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.painting.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Painting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.paper.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Paper
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.porkchop.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potato.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potion.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.quartz.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_11.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_13.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_blocks.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_cat.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_chirp.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_far.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mall.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_stal.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_strad.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_wait.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_ward.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.redstone.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Redstone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.reeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Canes
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.repeater.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.saddle.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Saddle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shears.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shears
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shield.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Shulker Shell
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sign.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sign
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.skull.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.slime_ball.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Slimeball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.snowball.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Snowball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Spawn
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Glistering Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spider_eye.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.splash_potion.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Splash Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Spruce Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spruce_door.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Spruce Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stick.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_axe.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_sword.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.string.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST String
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sugar.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sugar
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Uncraftable Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with TNT
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Totem of Undying
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.water_bucket.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wheat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_door.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Oak Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.writable_book.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Book and Quill
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.written_book.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Written Book
fe.protection.exist.oreberries.aluminum_nugget.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Nugget
fe.protection.exist.oreberries.aluminum_oreberry.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Aluminum Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.oreberries.copper_nugget.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Copper Nugget
fe.protection.exist.oreberries.copper_oreberry.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Copper Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.oreberries.essence_oreberry.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Concentrated Essence Berry
fe.protection.exist.oreberries.gold_oreberry.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Gold Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.oreberries.iron_oreberry.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.oreberries.tin_nugget.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Tin Nugget
fe.protection.exist.oreberries.tin_oreberry.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Tin Oreberry
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.arrow.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Arrow
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.arrow_head.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Arrow Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.arrow_shaft.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Arrow Shaft
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.axe_head.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.battlesign.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Battlesign
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.binding.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Binding
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.bolt.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bolt
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.bolt_core.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Bolt Core
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.book.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Materials and You
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.bow_limb.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Bowlimb
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.bow_string.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Bowstring
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.broadsword.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cast.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blank Cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cast_custom.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Ingot Cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.clay_cast.*                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.clay_cast.blank
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cleaver.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Cleaver
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cross_guard.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Cross Guard
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.crossbow.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.edible.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bacon
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.excavator.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Excavator
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.excavator_head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Excavator Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.fancy_frame.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Fancy Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.fletching.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Fletching
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.frypan.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Frypan
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hammer.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Hammer
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hand_guard.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Hand Guard
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hatchet.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ingots.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Ingot
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.kama.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Kama
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.kama_head.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Kama Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.knife_blade.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.large_plate.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Large Plate
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.large_sword_blade.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.longbow.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Longbow
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.longsword.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Longsword
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.lumberaxe.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Lumberaxe
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.materials.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Seared Brick
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.mattock.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Mattock
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.moms_spaghetti.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Mom's Spaghetti
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.nuggets.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pan_head.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Pan
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pattern.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Blank Pattern
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pick_head.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.piggybackpack.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Piggybackpack
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.rapier.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Rapier
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.scythe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Scythe
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.scythe_head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Scythe Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.shard.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shard
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sharpening_kit.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Sharpening Kit
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.shortbow.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Shortbow
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.shovel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Shovel
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.shovel_head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.shuriken.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Shuriken
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sign_head.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Sign Plate
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Slime Boots
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.slimesling.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Slimesling
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.spaghetti.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Impossibly Hard Wheat Sticks
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.stone_stick.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Stone Rod
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sword_blade.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.throwball.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Glowball
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tool_rod.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Tool Rod
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tough_binding.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Tough Binding
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tough_tool_rod.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Tough Tool Rod
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.wide_guard.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Wide Guard
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.alumentum.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Alumentum
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.amber.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Amber
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.amulet_vis.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Vis Stone
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.bath_salts.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.baubles.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.bottle_taint.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Bottle of Taint
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.brain.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Brain
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.caster_basic.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Caster's Gauntlet
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.causality_collapser.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Causality Collapser
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.celestial_notes.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Celestial Notes
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.charm_undying.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Undying
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.chunk.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Beef Nugget
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.cloth_boots.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.cloth_chest.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.cloth_legs.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.cloud_ring.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Cloudstepper Ring
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.cluster.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Native Iron Cluster
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.creative_flux_sponge.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Flux Sponge
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_blade.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Blade
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_boots.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_chest.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_helm.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_legs.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_chest.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_helm.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_legs.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_chest.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_helm.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_legs.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.crystal_essence.*                       # (default: true) EXIST %s Vis Crystal
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.curio.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Curiosity
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.curiosity_band.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Headband of Curiosity
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.elemental_axe.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.elemental_hoe.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.elemental_pick.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.elemental_shovel.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.elemental_sword.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.enchanted_placeholder.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Any enchanted item
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.fabric.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Fabric
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.filter.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Essentia Filter
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.focus_1.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Blank Lesser Focus
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.focus_2.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Blank Advanced Focus
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.focus_3.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Blank Greater Focus
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.focus_pouch.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Focus Pouch
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.fortress_chest.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.fortress_helm.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.fortress_legs.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.goggles.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.golem.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Golem
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.golem_bell.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.grapple_gun.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Grappler
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_spool.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Grappler Spool
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_tip.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Grappler Head
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.hand_mirror.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.ingot.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Ingot
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.jar_brace.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Brass Lid Brace
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.label.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Blank Label
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.loot_bag.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Common Treasure
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.mechanism_complex.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Complex Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.mechanism_simple.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Simple Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.mind.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Clockwork Mind
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.mirrored_glass.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Mirrored Glass
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.module.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Vision Module
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.morphic_resonator.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Morphic Resonator
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.nugget.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Iron Nugget
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.pech_wand.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Pech Wand
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.phial.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Glass Phial
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.plate.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Brass Plate
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.primal_crusher.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Primal Crusher
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.primordial_pearl.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.quicksilver.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Quicksilver
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.resonator.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.salis_mundus.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Salis Mundus
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.sanity_checker.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Sanity Checker
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.sanity_soap.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.scribing_tools.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Scribing Tools
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.seal.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blank Seal
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.tallow.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Magic Tallow
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_axe.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_boots.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_chest.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_helm.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_hoe.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_legs.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_pick.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_shovel.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumium_sword.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumometer.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Thaumometer
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.thaumonomicon.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.traveller_boots.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.triple_meat_treat.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.turret.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Automated Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.verdant_charm.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Verdant Heart Charm
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.vis_resonator.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Vis Resonator
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_axe.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Void Axe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_boots.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Void Boots
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_chest.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Void Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_helm.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Void Helm
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_hoe.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Void Hoe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_legs.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Void Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_pick.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_robe_chest.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_robe_helm.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_robe_legs.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_seed.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Void Seed
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_shovel.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Void Shovel
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.void_sword.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Void Sword
fe.protection.exist.thaumcraft.voidseer_charm.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Voidseer's Pearl
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.alpha_fur.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.arctic_boots.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Boots
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.arctic_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.arctic_fur.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Fur
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.arctic_helmet.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Hood
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.arctic_leggings.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.armor_shard.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Armor Shard
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.armor_shard_cluster.*               # (default: true) EXIST Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.block_and_chain.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Block and Chain
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.borer_essence.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Borer Essence
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.carminite.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Carminite
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_1.*                # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_2.*                # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_3.*                # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.charm_of_life_1.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Life I
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.charm_of_life_2.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Charm of Life II
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.cooked_meef.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Meef Steak
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.cooked_venison.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Venison Steak
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.crumble_horn.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Crumble Horn
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.cube_of_annihilation.*              # (default: true) EXIST Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.cube_talisman.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ender_bow.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Ender Bow
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Experiment 115
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_blood.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Blood
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_boots.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Boots
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_chestplate.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Plate
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_helmet.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Helm
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_ingot.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_leggings.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Legs
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_pickaxe.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Pick
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_sword.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Sword
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.fiery_tears.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Fiery Tears
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.giant_pickaxe.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.giant_sword.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Giant's Sword
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.glass_sword.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Glass Sword
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.hydra_chop.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Hydra Chop
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ice_bomb.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Ice Bomb
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ice_bow.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Ice Bow
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ice_sword.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Ice Sword
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_axe.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_boots.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_chestplate.*               # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_helmet.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_hoe.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_ingot.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_leggings.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_pickaxe.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_raw.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_shovel.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ironwood_sword.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_axe.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Axe
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_boots.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Boots
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_chestplate.*            # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Plate
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_helmet.*                # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Helm
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_ingot.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_leggings.*              # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_pickaxe.*               # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Pick
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_ring.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.knightmetal_sword.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Knightly Sword
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.lamp_of_cinders.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.lifedrain_scepter.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.liveroot.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Liveroot
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.magic_beans.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Magic Beans
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.magic_map.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Magic Map
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.magic_map_empty.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.magic_map_focus.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.maze_map.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Maze Map
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.maze_map_empty.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.maze_map_focus.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.maze_wafer.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Maze Wafer
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.mazebreaker_pickaxe.*               # (default: true) EXIST Mazebreaker
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.meef_stroganoff.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.minotaur_axe.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.moonworm_queen.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.naga_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.naga_leggings.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.naga_scale.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Naga Scale
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ore_magnet.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Ore Magnet
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ore_map.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ore_map_empty.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.ore_meter.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.peacock_fan.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.phantom_chestplate.*                # (default: true) EXIST Phantom Plate
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.phantom_helmet.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Phantom Helm
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.raven_feather.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Raven Feather
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.raw_meef.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Meef
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.raw_venison.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Raw Venison
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.seeker_bow.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Seeker Bow
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.shield_scepter.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Scepter of Fortification
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_axe.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_boots.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_chestplate.*               # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_helmet.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_hoe.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_ingot.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_leggings.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_pickaxe.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_shovel.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.steeleaf_sword.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.torchberries.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Torchberries
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.tower_key.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Tower Key
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.transformation_powder.*             # (default: true) EXIST Transformation Powder
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.triple_bow.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Tri-bow
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.trophy.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Naga Trophy
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.twilight_scepter.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.yeti_boots.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Boots
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.yeti_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.yeti_helmet.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.yeti_leggings.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.exist.twilightforest.zombie_scepter.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Scepter
fe.protection.inventory.*                                              # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be dropped if not allowed.
fe.protection.inventory.baubles.ring.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Miner's Ring
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.atlasbook.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.atlasplate.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Atlas Plate
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.bibliochase.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Chase
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.biblioclipboard.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Clipboard
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.bibliocreativelock.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lock and Key
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.bibliodrill.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Screw Gun
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.biblioglasses.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Reading Glasses
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.biblioredbook.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.bigbook.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Writing Book
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.compass.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Compass
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.deathcompass.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Eternal Compass
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.enchantedplate.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.framingboard.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Board
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.framingsaw.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Saw
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.framingsheet.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.handdrill.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand Drill
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.maptool.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Drafting Compass
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.paintingcanvas.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting Canvas
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.plumbline.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Plumb line
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.printplate.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Print Press Plate
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.recipebook.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.slottedbook.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Slotted Book
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.stockroomcatalog.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.tape.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.tapemeasure.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tape Measure
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.testeritem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.ash.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pile of Ashes
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.berries.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Berry
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.biome_essence.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Essence
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.biome_finder.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Biome Finder
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.black_dye.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Dye
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.blue_dye.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blue Dye
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_cherry.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_ebony.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ebony Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_ethereal.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethereal Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_eucalyptus.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Eucalyptus Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_fir.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fir Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_hellbark.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hellbark Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_jacaranda.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Jacaranda Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_magic.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_mahogany.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mahogany Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_mangrove.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mangrove Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_palm.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Palm Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_pine.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pine Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_redwood.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Redwood Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_sacred_oak.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacred Oak Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_umbran.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Umbran Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.boat_willow.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Willow Boat
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.brown_dye.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Brown Dye
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.cherry_door.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.crystal_shard.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Crystal Shard
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.earth.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.ebony_door.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ebony Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ethereal Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.filled_honeycomb.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Filled Honeycomb
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.fir_door.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fir Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.fleshchunk.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chunk of Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.gem.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.green_dye.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Dye
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hellbark Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.honeycomb.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Jacaranda Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.jar_empty.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Jar
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.jar_filled.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Jar
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.magic_door.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mahogany Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mangrove Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.mud_brick.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mud Brick
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.mudball.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mud Ball
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.palm_door.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Palm Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.peach.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.pear.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.persimmon.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.pine_door.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pine Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.record_wanderer.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.redwood_door.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Redwood Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.ricebowl.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl of Rice
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Sacred Oak Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.shroompowder.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shroom Powder
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.terrestrial_artifact.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Terrestrial Artifact
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.umbran_door.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Umbran Door
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.white_dye.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY White Dye
fe.protection.inventory.biomesoplenty.willow_door.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Willow Door
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY iChisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.chisel_iron.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.offsettool.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.armor_plate.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Plates
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.armor_trim.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Trim
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.book.*                                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Materials and You - Armory Addendum
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.boots.*                                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.boots_core.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots Core
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.chest_core.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chestplate Core
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.chestplate.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.frosty_soles.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Frosty Soles
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.gauntlet_mat.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gauntlet (Base)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.gauntlet_mat_attack.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Gauntlet of Power
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.gauntlet_mat_reach.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gauntlet of Far Reach
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.gauntlet_mat_speed.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Gauntlet of Dexterity
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.helmet.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.helmet_core.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Helmet Core
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.invisible_ink.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Invisible Ink
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.leggings.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.leggings_core.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Leggings Core
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.polishing_kit.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Polishing Kit
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.resist_mat.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Resistance
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.resist_mat_blast.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blast Resistance
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.resist_mat_fire.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Resistance
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.resist_mat_proj.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Projectile Resistance
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_belt.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Belt (Storage)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_belt_base.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Belt (Base)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_cloak.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Cloak (Base)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_goggles.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Goggles (Zoom)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_goggles_base.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Goggles (Base)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_night.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Goggles (Night Vision)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_potion.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Belt (Alchemy)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_sack.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Knapsack
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_slowfall.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Cloak (Slow Fall)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_sneak.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Cloak (Invisibility)
fe.protection.inventory.conarm.travel_soul.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Traveller's Goggles (Soul Sight)
fe.protection.inventory.forge.bucketfilled.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.gravestone.death_info.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Death Info
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.copper_iron_chest_upgrade.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.copper_iron_shulker_upgrade.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.copper_silver_chest_upgrade.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.copper_silver_shulker_upgrade.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper to Silver Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.diamond_crystal_chest_upgrade.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.diamond_crystal_shulker_upgrade.*    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Crystal Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_shulker_upgrade.*   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond to Obsidian Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.gold_diamond_chest_upgrade.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.gold_diamond_shulker_upgrade.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold to Diamond Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.iron_gold_chest_upgrade.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.iron_gold_shulker_upgrade.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.silver_gold_chest_upgrade.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.silver_gold_shulker_upgrade.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.vanilla_copper_shulker_upgrade.*     # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla to Copper Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.vanilla_iron_shulker_upgrade.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.wood_copper_chest_upgrade.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.ironchest.wood_iron_chest_upgrade.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.anchorupgrade.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Anchor Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.armoredjetpack.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.atomicalloy.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.atomicdisassembler.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.balloon.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY §8Black Balloon
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.biofuel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bio Fuel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.clump.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Clump
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.compressedcarbon.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.compresseddiamond.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.compressedobsidian.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.compressedredstone.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.configurationcard.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Configuration Card
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.configurator.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Configurator
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.controlcircuit.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.craftingformula.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crafting Formula
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.crystal.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.dictionary.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Dictionary
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.dirtydust.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.dust.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Dust
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.electricbow.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Electric Bow
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.electrolyticcore.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.energytablet.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.energyupgrade.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.enrichedalloy.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.enrichediron.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Enriched Iron
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.filterupgrade.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.flamethrower.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Flamethrower
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.freerunners.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Free Runners
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.gasmask.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Mask
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.gasupgrade.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.gaugedropper.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.ingot.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.itemproxy.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.jetpack.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Jetpack
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.mufflingupgrade.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.networkreader.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Network Reader
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.nugget.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Refined Obsidian Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.otherdust.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Dust
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.polyethene.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.portableteleporter.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.reinforcedalloy.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.robit.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Robit
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.salt.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Salt
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.sawdust.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sawdust
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.scubatank.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Scuba Tank
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.seismicreader.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Seismic Reader
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.shard.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shard
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.speedupgrade.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.substrate.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Substrate
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.teleportationcore.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleportation Core
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.tierinstaller.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.inventory.mekanism.walkietalkie.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismgenerators.hohlraum.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Hohlraum
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismgenerators.solarpanel.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Solar Panel
fe.protection.inventory.mekanismgenerators.turbineblade.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Turbine Blade
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.acacia_door.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.air.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Air
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.apple.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.armor_stand.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.arrow.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.baked_potato.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bed.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY White Bed
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beef.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Beef
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beetroot.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Beetroot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.birch_boat.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Birch Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.birch_door.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Birch Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Powder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.boat.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bone.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.book.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bow.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bowl.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bread.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bread
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Brewing Stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brick.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bucket.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cake.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cake
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cauldron.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauldron
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Chest
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chicken.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clay_ball.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clock.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Clock
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.coal.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.comparator.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.compass.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Compass
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cookie.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dye.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Sac
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.egg.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.elytra.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Elytra
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.emerald.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.end_crystal.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY End Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_eye.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Eye of Ender
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.feather.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.filled_map.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fire_charge.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Charge
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.firework_charge.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fireworks.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fish.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint and Steel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flower_pot.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Flower Pot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Furnace
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Tear
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_apple.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_axe.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_boots.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_sword.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gunpowder.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gunpowder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Hopper
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_axe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_boots.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_door.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_sword.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.item_frame.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Jungle Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.jungle_door.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Jungle Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Knowledge Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lead.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_boots.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Cap
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Pants
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lingering Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.magma_cream.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Magma Cream
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.map.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.minecart.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mutton.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Mutton
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.name_tag.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Name Tag
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_star.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_wart.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Wart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherbrick.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.painting.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.paper.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.porkchop.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potato.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potion.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.quartz.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_11.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_13.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_blocks.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_cat.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_chirp.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_far.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mall.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_stal.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_strad.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_wait.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_ward.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.redstone.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.reeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Canes
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.repeater.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.saddle.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Saddle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shears.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shears
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shield.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shulker Shell
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sign.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sign
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.skull.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.slime_ball.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimeball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.snowball.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Glistering Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spider_eye.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.splash_potion.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Splash Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Spruce Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spruce_door.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Spruce Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stick.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_axe.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_sword.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.string.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY String
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sugar.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Uncraftable Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with TNT
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Totem of Undying
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.water_bucket.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_door.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.writable_book.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Book and Quill
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.written_book.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Written Book
fe.protection.inventory.oreberries.aluminum_nugget.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.oreberries.aluminum_oreberry.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Aluminum Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.oreberries.copper_nugget.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.oreberries.copper_oreberry.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.oreberries.essence_oreberry.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Concentrated Essence Berry
fe.protection.inventory.oreberries.gold_oreberry.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.oreberries.iron_oreberry.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.oreberries.tin_nugget.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.oreberries.tin_oreberry.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tin Oreberry
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.arrow.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.arrow_head.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.arrow_shaft.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow Shaft
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.axe_head.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.battlesign.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Battlesign
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.binding.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Binding
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.bolt.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.bolt_core.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bolt Core
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.book.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Materials and You
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.bow_limb.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowlimb
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.bow_string.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowstring
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.broadsword.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cast.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cast_custom.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ingot Cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.clay_cast.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.clay_cast.blank
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cleaver.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cleaver
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cross_guard.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cross Guard
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.crossbow.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.edible.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.excavator.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.excavator_head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Excavator Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.fancy_frame.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fancy Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.fletching.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fletching
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.frypan.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Frypan
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hammer.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hand_guard.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand Guard
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hatchet.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ingots.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.kama.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Kama
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.kama_head.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Kama Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.knife_blade.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.large_plate.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Large Plate
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.large_sword_blade.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.longbow.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Longbow
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.longsword.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Longsword
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.lumberaxe.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lumberaxe
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.materials.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Seared Brick
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.mattock.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mattock
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.moms_spaghetti.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mom's Spaghetti
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.nuggets.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pan_head.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pan
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pattern.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pick_head.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.piggybackpack.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Piggybackpack
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.rapier.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Rapier
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.scythe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.scythe_head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Scythe Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.shard.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shard
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sharpening_kit.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sharpening Kit
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.shortbow.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shortbow
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.shovel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.shovel_head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.shuriken.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shuriken
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sign_head.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sign Plate
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Boots
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.slimesling.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimesling
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.spaghetti.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Impossibly Hard Wheat Sticks
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.stone_stick.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Rod
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sword_blade.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.throwball.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowball
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tool_rod.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tool Rod
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tough_binding.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tough Binding
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tough_tool_rod.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tough Tool Rod
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.wide_guard.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wide Guard
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.alumentum.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Alumentum
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.amber.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Amber
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.amulet_vis.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Vis Stone
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.bath_salts.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.baubles.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.bottle_taint.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle of Taint
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.brain.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Brain
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.caster_basic.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Caster's Gauntlet
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.causality_collapser.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Causality Collapser
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.celestial_notes.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Celestial Notes
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.charm_undying.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Undying
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.chunk.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.cloth_boots.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.cloth_chest.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.cloth_legs.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.cloud_ring.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cloudstepper Ring
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.cluster.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Native Iron Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.creative_flux_sponge.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Flux Sponge
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_blade.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Blade
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_boots.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_chest.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_helm.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_legs.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_chest.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_helm.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_legs.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_chest.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_helm.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_legs.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.crystal_essence.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY %s Vis Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.curio.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Curiosity
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.curiosity_band.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Headband of Curiosity
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.elemental_axe.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.elemental_hoe.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.elemental_pick.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.elemental_shovel.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.elemental_sword.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.enchanted_placeholder.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Any enchanted item
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.fabric.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Fabric
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.filter.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Essentia Filter
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.focus_1.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Lesser Focus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.focus_2.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Advanced Focus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.focus_3.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Greater Focus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.focus_pouch.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Focus Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.fortress_chest.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.fortress_helm.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.fortress_legs.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.goggles.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.golem.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Golem
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.golem_bell.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.grapple_gun.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Grappler
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_spool.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Grappler Spool
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_tip.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Grappler Head
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.hand_mirror.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.ingot.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.jar_brace.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Lid Brace
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.label.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Label
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.loot_bag.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Common Treasure
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.mechanism_complex.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Complex Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.mechanism_simple.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Simple Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.mind.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Clockwork Mind
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.mirrored_glass.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mirrored Glass
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.module.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Vision Module
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.morphic_resonator.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Morphic Resonator
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.nugget.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.pech_wand.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pech Wand
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.phial.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Phial
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.plate.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Brass Plate
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.primal_crusher.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Primal Crusher
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.primordial_pearl.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.quicksilver.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Quicksilver
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.resonator.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.salis_mundus.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Salis Mundus
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.sanity_checker.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanity Checker
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.sanity_soap.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.scribing_tools.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Scribing Tools
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.seal.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Seal
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.tallow.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Tallow
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_axe.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_boots.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_chest.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_helm.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_hoe.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_legs.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_pick.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_shovel.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumium_sword.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumometer.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumometer
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.thaumonomicon.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.traveller_boots.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.triple_meat_treat.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.turret.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Automated Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.verdant_charm.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Verdant Heart Charm
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.vis_resonator.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Vis Resonator
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_axe.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Axe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_boots.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Boots
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_chest.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_helm.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Helm
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_hoe.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_legs.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_pick.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_robe_chest.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_robe_helm.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_robe_legs.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_seed.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Seed
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_shovel.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.void_sword.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Sword
fe.protection.inventory.thaumcraft.voidseer_charm.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Voidseer's Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.alpha_fur.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.arctic_boots.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Boots
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.arctic_chestplate.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.arctic_fur.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Fur
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.arctic_helmet.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Hood
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.arctic_leggings.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.armor_shard.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Shard
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.armor_shard_cluster.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.block_and_chain.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Block and Chain
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.borer_essence.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Borer Essence
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.carminite.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Carminite
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_1.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_2.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_3.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.charm_of_life_1.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Life I
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.charm_of_life_2.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Charm of Life II
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.cooked_meef.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Meef Steak
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.cooked_venison.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Venison Steak
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.crumble_horn.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Crumble Horn
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.cube_of_annihilation.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.cube_talisman.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ender_bow.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Bow
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Experiment 115
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_blood.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Blood
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_boots.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Boots
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_chestplate.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Plate
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_helmet.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Helm
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_ingot.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_leggings.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Legs
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_pickaxe.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Pick
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_sword.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Sword
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.fiery_tears.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fiery Tears
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.giant_pickaxe.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.giant_sword.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Giant's Sword
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.glass_sword.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Sword
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.hydra_chop.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hydra Chop
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ice_bomb.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Bomb
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ice_bow.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Bow
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ice_sword.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Sword
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_axe.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_boots.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_chestplate.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_helmet.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_hoe.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_ingot.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_leggings.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_pickaxe.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_raw.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_shovel.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ironwood_sword.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_axe.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Axe
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_boots.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Boots
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_chestplate.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Plate
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_helmet.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Helm
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_ingot.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_leggings.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_pickaxe.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Pick
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_ring.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.knightmetal_sword.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Knightly Sword
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.lamp_of_cinders.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.lifedrain_scepter.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.liveroot.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Liveroot
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.magic_beans.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Beans
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.magic_map.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Map
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.magic_map_empty.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.magic_map_focus.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.maze_map.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze Map
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.maze_map_empty.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.maze_map_focus.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.maze_wafer.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze Wafer
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.mazebreaker_pickaxe.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mazebreaker
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.meef_stroganoff.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.minotaur_axe.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.moonworm_queen.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.naga_chestplate.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.naga_leggings.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.naga_scale.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Scale
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ore_magnet.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ore Magnet
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ore_map.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ore_map_empty.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.ore_meter.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.peacock_fan.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.phantom_chestplate.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Phantom Plate
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.phantom_helmet.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Phantom Helm
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.raven_feather.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raven Feather
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.raw_meef.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Meef
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.raw_venison.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Venison
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.seeker_bow.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeker Bow
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.shield_scepter.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Scepter of Fortification
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_axe.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_boots.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_chestplate.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_helmet.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_hoe.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_ingot.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_leggings.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_pickaxe.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_shovel.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.steeleaf_sword.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.torchberries.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Torchberries
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.tower_key.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tower Key
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.transformation_powder.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Transformation Powder
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.triple_bow.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tri-bow
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.trophy.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Naga Trophy
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.twilight_scepter.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.yeti_boots.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Boots
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.yeti_chestplate.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.yeti_helmet.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.yeti_leggings.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.twilightforest.zombie_scepter.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Scepter
fe.protection.inventorygroup                                           # (default: default) Inventory group property - can be set to any identifier to separate inventories for certain regions
fe.protection.use.*                                                    # (default: true) Allow using items
fe.protection.use.baubles.ring.*                                       # (default: true) USE Miner's Ring
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.atlasbook.*                              # (default: true) USE Atlas
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.atlasplate.*                             # (default: true) USE Atlas Plate
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.bibliochase.*                            # (default: true) USE Print Press Chase
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.biblioclipboard.*                        # (default: true) USE Clipboard
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.bibliocreativelock.*                     # (default: true) USE Lock and Key
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.bibliodrill.*                            # (default: true) USE Screw Gun
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.biblioglasses.*                          # (default: true) USE Reading Glasses
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.biblioredbook.*                          # (default: true) USE Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.bigbook.*                                # (default: true) USE Big Writing Book
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.compass.*                                # (default: true) USE Compass
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.deathcompass.*                           # (default: true) USE Eternal Compass
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.enchantedplate.*                         # (default: true) USE Enchanted Plate
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.framingboard.*                           # (default: true) USE Framing Board
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.framingsaw.*                             # (default: true) USE Framing Saw
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.framingsheet.*                           # (default: true) USE Framing Sheet
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.handdrill.*                              # (default: true) USE Hand Drill
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.maptool.*                                # (default: true) USE Drafting Compass
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.paintingcanvas.*                         # (default: true) USE Painting Canvas
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.plumbline.*                              # (default: true) USE Plumb line
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.printplate.*                             # (default: true) USE Print Press Plate
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.recipebook.*                             # (default: true) USE Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                              # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                              # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                              # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                              # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                              # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.slottedbook.*                            # (default: true) USE Slotted Book
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.stockroomcatalog.*                       # (default: true) USE Stockroom Catalog
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.tape.*                                   # (default: true) USE Tape Measure Reel
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.tapemeasure.*                            # (default: true) USE Tape Measure
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.testeritem.*                             # (default: true) USE ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.ash.*                                  # (default: true) USE Pile of Ashes
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.berries.*                              # (default: true) USE Berry
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.biome_essence.*                        # (default: true) USE Biome Essence
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.biome_finder.*                         # (default: true) USE Biome Finder
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.black_dye.*                            # (default: true) USE Black Dye
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.blue_dye.*                             # (default: true) USE Blue Dye
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_cherry.*                          # (default: true) USE Cherry Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_ebony.*                           # (default: true) USE Ebony Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_ethereal.*                        # (default: true) USE Ethereal Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_eucalyptus.*                      # (default: true) USE Eucalyptus Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_fir.*                             # (default: true) USE Fir Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_hellbark.*                        # (default: true) USE Hellbark Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_jacaranda.*                       # (default: true) USE Jacaranda Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_magic.*                           # (default: true) USE Magic Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_mahogany.*                        # (default: true) USE Mahogany Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_mangrove.*                        # (default: true) USE Mangrove Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_palm.*                            # (default: true) USE Palm Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_pine.*                            # (default: true) USE Pine Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_redwood.*                         # (default: true) USE Redwood Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_sacred_oak.*                      # (default: true) USE Sacred Oak Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_umbran.*                          # (default: true) USE Umbran Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.boat_willow.*                          # (default: true) USE Willow Boat
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.brown_dye.*                            # (default: true) USE Brown Dye
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.cherry_door.*                          # (default: true) USE Cherry Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.crystal_shard.*                        # (default: true) USE Celestial Crystal Shard
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.earth.*                                # (default: true) USE Earth
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.ebony_door.*                           # (default: true) USE Ebony Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door.*                        # (default: true) USE Ethereal Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door.*                      # (default: true) USE Eucalyptus Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.filled_honeycomb.*                     # (default: true) USE Filled Honeycomb
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.fir_door.*                             # (default: true) USE Fir Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.fleshchunk.*                           # (default: true) USE Chunk of Flesh
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.gem.*                                  # (default: true) USE Ender Amethyst
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.green_dye.*                            # (default: true) USE Green Dye
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door.*                        # (default: true) USE Hellbark Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.honeycomb.*                            # (default: true) USE Empty Honeycomb
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door.*                       # (default: true) USE Jacaranda Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.jar_empty.*                            # (default: true) USE Empty Jar
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.jar_filled.*                           # (default: true) USE Honey Jar
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.magic_door.*                           # (default: true) USE Magic Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door.*                        # (default: true) USE Mahogany Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door.*                        # (default: true) USE Mangrove Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.mud_brick.*                            # (default: true) USE Mud Brick
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.mudball.*                              # (default: true) USE Mud Ball
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.palm_door.*                            # (default: true) USE Palm Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.peach.*                                # (default: true) USE Peach
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.pear.*                                 # (default: true) USE Pear
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.persimmon.*                            # (default: true) USE Persimmon
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.pine_door.*                            # (default: true) USE Pine Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.record_wanderer.*                      # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.redwood_door.*                         # (default: true) USE Redwood Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.ricebowl.*                             # (default: true) USE Bowl of Rice
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door.*                      # (default: true) USE Sacred Oak Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.shroompowder.*                         # (default: true) USE Shroom Powder
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.terrestrial_artifact.*                 # (default: true) USE Terrestrial Artifact
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.umbran_door.*                          # (default: true) USE Umbran Door
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.white_dye.*                            # (default: true) USE White Dye
fe.protection.use.biomesoplenty.willow_door.*                          # (default: true) USE Willow Door
fe.protection.use.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                              # (default: true) USE Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                               # (default: true) USE iChisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.chisel_iron.*                                 # (default: true) USE Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.offsettool.*                                  # (default: true) USE Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.use.conarm.armor_plate.*                                 # (default: true) USE Armor Plates
fe.protection.use.conarm.armor_trim.*                                  # (default: true) USE Armor Trim
fe.protection.use.conarm.book.*                                        # (default: true) USE Materials and You - Armory Addendum
fe.protection.use.conarm.boots.*                                       # (default: true) USE Boots
fe.protection.use.conarm.boots_core.*                                  # (default: true) USE Boots Core
fe.protection.use.conarm.chest_core.*                                  # (default: true) USE Chestplate Core
fe.protection.use.conarm.chestplate.*                                  # (default: true) USE Chestplate
fe.protection.use.conarm.frosty_soles.*                                # (default: true) USE Frosty Soles
fe.protection.use.conarm.gauntlet_mat.*                                # (default: true) USE Gauntlet (Base)
fe.protection.use.conarm.gauntlet_mat_attack.*                         # (default: true) USE Gauntlet of Power
fe.protection.use.conarm.gauntlet_mat_reach.*                          # (default: true) USE Gauntlet of Far Reach
fe.protection.use.conarm.gauntlet_mat_speed.*                          # (default: true) USE Gauntlet of Dexterity
fe.protection.use.conarm.helmet.*                                      # (default: true) USE Helmet
fe.protection.use.conarm.helmet_core.*                                 # (default: true) USE Helmet Core
fe.protection.use.conarm.invisible_ink.*                               # (default: true) USE Invisible Ink
fe.protection.use.conarm.leggings.*                                    # (default: true) USE Leggings
fe.protection.use.conarm.leggings_core.*                               # (default: true) USE Leggings Core
fe.protection.use.conarm.polishing_kit.*                               # (default: true) USE Polishing Kit
fe.protection.use.conarm.resist_mat.*                                  # (default: true) USE Resistance
fe.protection.use.conarm.resist_mat_blast.*                            # (default: true) USE Blast Resistance
fe.protection.use.conarm.resist_mat_fire.*                             # (default: true) USE Fire Resistance
fe.protection.use.conarm.resist_mat_proj.*                             # (default: true) USE Projectile Resistance
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_belt.*                                 # (default: true) USE Traveller's Belt (Storage)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_belt_base.*                            # (default: true) USE Traveller's Belt (Base)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_cloak.*                                # (default: true) USE Traveller's Cloak (Base)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_goggles.*                              # (default: true) USE Traveller's Goggles (Zoom)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_goggles_base.*                         # (default: true) USE Traveller's Goggles (Base)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_night.*                                # (default: true) USE Traveller's Goggles (Night Vision)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_potion.*                               # (default: true) USE Traveller's Belt (Alchemy)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_sack.*                                 # (default: true) USE Traveller's Knapsack
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_slowfall.*                             # (default: true) USE Traveller's Cloak (Slow Fall)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_sneak.*                                # (default: true) USE Traveller's Cloak (Invisibility)
fe.protection.use.conarm.travel_soul.*                                 # (default: true) USE Traveller's Goggles (Soul Sight)
fe.protection.use.forge.bucketfilled.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bucket
fe.protection.use.gravestone.death_info.*                              # (default: true) USE Death Info
fe.protection.use.ironchest.copper_iron_chest_upgrade.*                # (default: true) USE Copper to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.copper_iron_shulker_upgrade.*              # (default: true) USE Copper to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.copper_silver_chest_upgrade.*              # (default: true) USE Copper to Silver Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.copper_silver_shulker_upgrade.*            # (default: true) USE Copper to Silver Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.diamond_crystal_chest_upgrade.*            # (default: true) USE Diamond to Crystal Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.diamond_crystal_shulker_upgrade.*          # (default: true) USE Diamond to Crystal Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_chest_upgrade.*           # (default: true) USE Diamond to Obsidian Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.diamond_obsidian_shulker_upgrade.*         # (default: true) USE Diamond to Obsidian Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.gold_diamond_chest_upgrade.*               # (default: true) USE Gold to Diamond Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.gold_diamond_shulker_upgrade.*             # (default: true) USE Gold to Diamond Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.iron_gold_chest_upgrade.*                  # (default: true) USE Iron to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.iron_gold_shulker_upgrade.*                # (default: true) USE Iron to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.silver_gold_chest_upgrade.*                # (default: true) USE Silver to Gold Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.silver_gold_shulker_upgrade.*              # (default: true) USE Silver to Gold Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.vanilla_copper_shulker_upgrade.*           # (default: true) USE Vanilla to Copper Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.vanilla_iron_shulker_upgrade.*             # (default: true) USE Vanilla to Iron Shulker Box Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.wood_copper_chest_upgrade.*                # (default: true) USE Wood to Copper Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.ironchest.wood_iron_chest_upgrade.*                  # (default: true) USE Wood to Iron Chest Upgrade
fe.protection.use.mekanism.anchorupgrade.*                             # (default: true) USE Anchor Upgrade
fe.protection.use.mekanism.armoredjetpack.*                            # (default: true) USE Armored Jetpack
fe.protection.use.mekanism.atomicalloy.*                               # (default: true) USE Atomic Alloy
fe.protection.use.mekanism.atomicdisassembler.*                        # (default: true) USE Atomic Disassembler
fe.protection.use.mekanism.balloon.*                                   # (default: true) USE §8Black Balloon
fe.protection.use.mekanism.biofuel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bio Fuel
fe.protection.use.mekanism.clump.*                                     # (default: true) USE Iron Clump
fe.protection.use.mekanism.compressedcarbon.*                          # (default: true) USE Compressed Carbon
fe.protection.use.mekanism.compresseddiamond.*                         # (default: true) USE Compressed Diamond
fe.protection.use.mekanism.compressedobsidian.*                        # (default: true) USE Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.use.mekanism.compressedredstone.*                        # (default: true) USE Compressed Redstone
fe.protection.use.mekanism.configurationcard.*                         # (default: true) USE Configuration Card
fe.protection.use.mekanism.configurator.*                              # (default: true) USE Configurator
fe.protection.use.mekanism.controlcircuit.*                            # (default: true) USE Basic Control Circuit
fe.protection.use.mekanism.craftingformula.*                           # (default: true) USE Crafting Formula
fe.protection.use.mekanism.crystal.*                                   # (default: true) USE Iron Crystal
fe.protection.use.mekanism.dictionary.*                                # (default: true) USE Dictionary
fe.protection.use.mekanism.dirtydust.*                                 # (default: true) USE Dirty Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.mekanism.dust.*                                      # (default: true) USE Iron Dust
fe.protection.use.mekanism.electricbow.*                               # (default: true) USE Electric Bow
fe.protection.use.mekanism.electrolyticcore.*                          # (default: true) USE Electrolytic Core
fe.protection.use.mekanism.energytablet.*                              # (default: true) USE Energy Tablet
fe.protection.use.mekanism.energyupgrade.*                             # (default: true) USE Energy Upgrade
fe.protection.use.mekanism.enrichedalloy.*                             # (default: true) USE Enriched Alloy
fe.protection.use.mekanism.enrichediron.*                              # (default: true) USE Enriched Iron
fe.protection.use.mekanism.filterupgrade.*                             # (default: true) USE Filter Upgrade
fe.protection.use.mekanism.flamethrower.*                              # (default: true) USE Flamethrower
fe.protection.use.mekanism.freerunners.*                               # (default: true) USE Free Runners
fe.protection.use.mekanism.gasmask.*                                   # (default: true) USE Gas Mask
fe.protection.use.mekanism.gasupgrade.*                                # (default: true) USE Gas Upgrade
fe.protection.use.mekanism.gaugedropper.*                              # (default: true) USE Gauge Dropper
fe.protection.use.mekanism.ingot.*                                     # (default: true) USE Refined Obsidian Ingot
fe.protection.use.mekanism.itemproxy.*                                 # (default: true) USE item.ItemProxy.name
fe.protection.use.mekanism.jetpack.*                                   # (default: true) USE Jetpack
fe.protection.use.mekanism.mufflingupgrade.*                           # (default: true) USE Muffling Upgrade
fe.protection.use.mekanism.networkreader.*                             # (default: true) USE Network Reader
fe.protection.use.mekanism.nugget.*                                    # (default: true) USE Refined Obsidian Nugget
fe.protection.use.mekanism.otherdust.*                                 # (default: true) USE Diamond Dust
fe.protection.use.mekanism.polyethene.*                                # (default: true) USE HDPE Pellet
fe.protection.use.mekanism.portableteleporter.*                        # (default: true) USE Portable Teleporter
fe.protection.use.mekanism.reinforcedalloy.*                           # (default: true) USE Reinforced Alloy
fe.protection.use.mekanism.robit.*                                     # (default: true) USE Robit
fe.protection.use.mekanism.salt.*                                      # (default: true) USE Salt
fe.protection.use.mekanism.sawdust.*                                   # (default: true) USE Sawdust
fe.protection.use.mekanism.scubatank.*                                 # (default: true) USE Scuba Tank
fe.protection.use.mekanism.seismicreader.*                             # (default: true) USE Seismic Reader
fe.protection.use.mekanism.shard.*                                     # (default: true) USE Iron Shard
fe.protection.use.mekanism.speedupgrade.*                              # (default: true) USE Speed Upgrade
fe.protection.use.mekanism.substrate.*                                 # (default: true) USE Substrate
fe.protection.use.mekanism.teleportationcore.*                         # (default: true) USE Teleportation Core
fe.protection.use.mekanism.tierinstaller.*                             # (default: true) USE Basic Tier Installer
fe.protection.use.mekanism.walkietalkie.*                              # (default: true) USE Walkie-Talkie
fe.protection.use.mekanismgenerators.hohlraum.*                        # (default: true) USE Hohlraum
fe.protection.use.mekanismgenerators.solarpanel.*                      # (default: true) USE Solar Panel
fe.protection.use.mekanismgenerators.turbineblade.*                    # (default: true) USE Turbine Blade
fe.protection.use.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                              # (default: true) USE Acacia Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.acacia_door.*                              # (default: true) USE Acacia Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.air.*                                      # (default: true) USE Air
fe.protection.use.minecraft.apple.*                                    # (default: true) USE Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.armor_stand.*                              # (default: true) USE Armor Stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.arrow.*                                    # (default: true) USE Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.baked_potato.*                             # (default: true) USE Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bed.*                                      # (default: true) USE White Bed
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beef.*                                     # (default: true) USE Raw Beef
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beetroot.*                                 # (default: true) USE Beetroot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                           # (default: true) USE Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                            # (default: true) USE Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.use.minecraft.birch_boat.*                               # (default: true) USE Birch Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.birch_door.*                               # (default: true) USE Birch Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                             # (default: true) USE Blaze Powder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                # (default: true) USE Blaze Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.boat.*                                     # (default: true) USE Oak Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bone.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.book.*                                     # (default: true) USE Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bow.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bowl.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bowl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bread.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bread
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                            # (default: true) USE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brick.*                                    # (default: true) USE Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bucket.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cake.*                                     # (default: true) USE Cake
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot.*                                   # (default: true) USE Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                        # (default: true) USE Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cauldron.*                                 # (default: true) USE Cauldron
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                          # (default: true) USE Chain Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) USE Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                         # (default: true) USE Chain Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                       # (default: true) USE Chain Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                           # (default: true) USE Minecart with Chest
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chicken.*                                  # (default: true) USE Raw Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                             # (default: true) USE Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                      # (default: true) USE Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                # (default: true) USE Clay
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clock.*                                    # (default: true) USE Clock
fe.protection.use.minecraft.coal.*                                     # (default: true) USE Coal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                   # (default: true) USE Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.use.minecraft.comparator.*                               # (default: true) USE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.use.minecraft.compass.*                                  # (default: true) USE Compass
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                              # (default: true) USE Steak
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                           # (default: true) USE Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                              # (default: true) USE Cooked Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                            # (default: true) USE Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                          # (default: true) USE Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                            # (default: true) USE Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cookie.*                                   # (default: true) USE Cookie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                            # (default: true) USE Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                            # (default: true) USE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond.*                                  # (default: true) USE Diamond
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                              # (default: true) USE Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                            # (default: true) USE Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) USE Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                           # (default: true) USE Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                              # (default: true) USE Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                           # (default: true) USE Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                            # (default: true) USE Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                            # (default: true) USE Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dye.*                                      # (default: true) USE Ink Sac
fe.protection.use.minecraft.egg.*                                      # (default: true) USE Egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.elytra.*                                   # (default: true) USE Elytra
fe.protection.use.minecraft.emerald.*                                  # (default: true) USE Emerald
fe.protection.use.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                           # (default: true) USE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.end_crystal.*                              # (default: true) USE End Crystal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                # (default: true) USE Eye of Ender
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                              # (default: true) USE Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                        # (default: true) USE Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.feather.*                                  # (default: true) USE Feather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                     # (default: true) USE Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.filled_map.*                               # (default: true) USE Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fire_charge.*                              # (default: true) USE Fire Charge
fe.protection.use.minecraft.firework_charge.*                          # (default: true) USE Firework Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fireworks.*                                # (default: true) USE Firework Rocket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fish.*                                     # (default: true) USE Raw Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                              # (default: true) USE Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint.*                                    # (default: true) USE Flint
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                          # (default: true) USE Flint and Steel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flower_pot.*                               # (default: true) USE Flower Pot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                         # (default: true) USE Minecart with Furnace
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                               # (default: true) USE Ghast Tear
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                             # (default: true) USE Glass Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                           # (default: true) USE Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                               # (default: true) USE Gold Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                              # (default: true) USE Gold Nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_apple.*                             # (default: true) USE Golden Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_axe.*                               # (default: true) USE Golden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_boots.*                             # (default: true) USE Golden Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                            # (default: true) USE Golden Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                        # (default: true) USE Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                            # (default: true) USE Golden Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                               # (default: true) USE Golden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                       # (default: true) USE Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                          # (default: true) USE Golden Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) USE Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                            # (default: true) USE Golden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_sword.*                             # (default: true) USE Golden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                # (default: true) USE Gunpowder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                          # (default: true) USE Minecart with Hopper
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_boots.*                               # (default: true) USE Iron Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                          # (default: true) USE Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_door.*                                # (default: true) USE Iron Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                              # (default: true) USE Iron Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                         # (default: true) USE Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                               # (default: true) USE Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                            # (default: true) USE Iron Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_nugget.*                              # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                             # (default: true) USE Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                              # (default: true) USE Iron Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_sword.*                               # (default: true) USE Iron Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.item_frame.*                               # (default: true) USE Item Frame
fe.protection.use.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                              # (default: true) USE Jungle Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.jungle_door.*                              # (default: true) USE Jungle Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.knowledge_book.*                           # (default: true) USE Knowledge Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                              # (default: true) USE Lava Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lead.*                                     # (default: true) USE Lead
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather.*                                  # (default: true) USE Leather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_boots.*                            # (default: true) USE Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) USE Leather Tunic
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                           # (default: true) USE Leather Cap
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                         # (default: true) USE Leather Pants
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                         # (default: true) USE Lingering Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.use.minecraft.magma_cream.*                              # (default: true) USE Magma Cream
fe.protection.use.minecraft.map.*                                      # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon.*                                    # (default: true) USE Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                              # (default: true) USE Melon Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                              # (default: true) USE Milk
fe.protection.use.minecraft.minecart.*                                 # (default: true) USE Minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                            # (default: true) USE Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mutton.*                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Mutton
fe.protection.use.minecraft.name_tag.*                                 # (default: true) USE Name Tag
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_star.*                              # (default: true) USE Nether Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_wart.*                              # (default: true) USE Nether Wart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherbrick.*                              # (default: true) USE Nether Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.painting.*                                 # (default: true) USE Painting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.paper.*                                    # (default: true) USE Paper
fe.protection.use.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                         # (default: true) USE Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.porkchop.*                                 # (default: true) USE Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potato.*                                   # (default: true) USE Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potion.*                                   # (default: true) USE Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.use.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                      # (default: true) USE Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.use.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                         # (default: true) USE Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                              # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                            # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.quartz.*                                   # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit.*                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                              # (default: true) USE Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                              # (default: true) USE Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                              # (default: true) USE Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_11.*                                # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_13.*                                # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_blocks.*                            # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_cat.*                               # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_chirp.*                             # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_far.*                               # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mall.*                              # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                           # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_stal.*                              # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_strad.*                             # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_wait.*                              # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_ward.*                              # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.redstone.*                                 # (default: true) USE Redstone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.reeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Sugar Canes
fe.protection.use.minecraft.repeater.*                                 # (default: true) USE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                             # (default: true) USE Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.use.minecraft.saddle.*                                   # (default: true) USE Saddle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shears.*                                   # (default: true) USE Shears
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shield.*                                   # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shulker_shell.*                            # (default: true) USE Shulker Shell
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sign.*                                     # (default: true) USE Sign
fe.protection.use.minecraft.skull.*                                    # (default: true) USE Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.use.minecraft.slime_ball.*                               # (default: true) USE Slimeball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.snowball.*                                 # (default: true) USE Snowball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                # (default: true) USE Spawn
fe.protection.use.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                           # (default: true) USE Glistering Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                           # (default: true) USE Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spider_eye.*                               # (default: true) USE Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.splash_potion.*                            # (default: true) USE Splash Uncraftable Potion
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                              # (default: true) USE Spruce Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spruce_door.*                              # (default: true) USE Spruce Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stick.*                                    # (default: true) USE Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                # (default: true) USE Stone Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                            # (default: true) USE Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                             # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_sword.*                              # (default: true) USE Stone Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.string.*                                   # (default: true) USE String
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sugar.*                                    # (default: true) USE Sugar
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                             # (default: true) USE Uncraftable Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                             # (default: true) USE Minecart with TNT
fe.protection.use.minecraft.totem_of_undying.*                         # (default: true) USE Totem of Undying
fe.protection.use.minecraft.water_bucket.*                             # (default: true) USE Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat.*                                    # (default: true) USE Wheat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                              # (default: true) USE Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                               # (default: true) USE Wooden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_door.*                              # (default: true) USE Oak Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                               # (default: true) USE Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                             # (default: true) USE Wooden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.writable_book.*                            # (default: true) USE Book and Quill
fe.protection.use.minecraft.written_book.*                             # (default: true) USE Written Book
fe.protection.use.oreberries.aluminum_nugget.*                         # (default: true) USE Aluminum Nugget
fe.protection.use.oreberries.aluminum_oreberry.*                       # (default: true) USE Aluminum Oreberry
fe.protection.use.oreberries.copper_nugget.*                           # (default: true) USE Copper Nugget
fe.protection.use.oreberries.copper_oreberry.*                         # (default: true) USE Copper Oreberry
fe.protection.use.oreberries.essence_oreberry.*                        # (default: true) USE Concentrated Essence Berry
fe.protection.use.oreberries.gold_oreberry.*                           # (default: true) USE Gold Oreberry
fe.protection.use.oreberries.iron_oreberry.*                           # (default: true) USE Iron Oreberry
fe.protection.use.oreberries.tin_nugget.*                              # (default: true) USE Tin Nugget
fe.protection.use.oreberries.tin_oreberry.*                            # (default: true) USE Tin Oreberry
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.arrow.*                                   # (default: true) USE Arrow
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.arrow_head.*                              # (default: true) USE Arrow Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.arrow_shaft.*                             # (default: true) USE Arrow Shaft
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.axe_head.*                                # (default: true) USE Axe Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.battlesign.*                              # (default: true) USE Battlesign
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.binding.*                                 # (default: true) USE Binding
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.bolt.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bolt
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.bolt_core.*                               # (default: true) USE Bolt Core
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.book.*                                    # (default: true) USE Materials and You
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.bow_limb.*                                # (default: true) USE Bowlimb
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.bow_string.*                              # (default: true) USE Bowstring
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                          # (default: true) USE Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.broadsword.*                              # (default: true) USE Broadsword
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cast.*                                    # (default: true) USE Blank Cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cast_custom.*                             # (default: true) USE Ingot Cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.clay_cast.*                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.clay_cast.blank
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cleaver.*                                 # (default: true) USE Cleaver
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cross_guard.*                             # (default: true) USE Cross Guard
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.crossbow.*                                # (default: true) USE Crossbow
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.edible.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bacon
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.excavator.*                               # (default: true) USE Excavator
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.excavator_head.*                          # (default: true) USE Excavator Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.fancy_frame.*                             # (default: true) USE Fancy Item Frame
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.fletching.*                               # (default: true) USE Fletching
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.frypan.*                                  # (default: true) USE Frypan
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hammer.*                                  # (default: true) USE Hammer
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                             # (default: true) USE Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hand_guard.*                              # (default: true) USE Hand Guard
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hatchet.*                                 # (default: true) USE Hatchet
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ingots.*                                  # (default: true) USE Cobalt Ingot
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.kama.*                                    # (default: true) USE Kama
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.kama_head.*                               # (default: true) USE Kama Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.knife_blade.*                             # (default: true) USE Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.large_plate.*                             # (default: true) USE Large Plate
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.large_sword_blade.*                       # (default: true) USE Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.longbow.*                                 # (default: true) USE Longbow
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.longsword.*                               # (default: true) USE Longsword
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.lumberaxe.*                               # (default: true) USE Lumberaxe
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.materials.*                               # (default: true) USE Seared Brick
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.mattock.*                                 # (default: true) USE Mattock
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.moms_spaghetti.*                          # (default: true) USE Mom's Spaghetti
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.nuggets.*                                 # (default: true) USE Cobalt Nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pan_head.*                                # (default: true) USE Pan
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pattern.*                                 # (default: true) USE Blank Pattern
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pick_head.*                               # (default: true) USE Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.piggybackpack.*                           # (default: true) USE Piggybackpack
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.rapier.*                                  # (default: true) USE Rapier
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.scythe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Scythe
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.scythe_head.*                             # (default: true) USE Scythe Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.shard.*                                   # (default: true) USE Shard
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sharpening_kit.*                          # (default: true) USE Sharpening Kit
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.shortbow.*                                # (default: true) USE Shortbow
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.shovel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Shovel
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.shovel_head.*                             # (default: true) USE Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.shuriken.*                                # (default: true) USE Shuriken
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sign_head.*                               # (default: true) USE Sign Plate
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                             # (default: true) USE Slime Boots
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.slimesling.*                              # (default: true) USE Slimesling
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.spaghetti.*                               # (default: true) USE Impossibly Hard Wheat Sticks
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.stone_stick.*                             # (default: true) USE Stone Rod
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sword_blade.*                             # (default: true) USE Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.throwball.*                               # (default: true) USE Glowball
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tool_rod.*                                # (default: true) USE Tool Rod
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tough_binding.*                           # (default: true) USE Tough Binding
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tough_tool_rod.*                          # (default: true) USE Tough Tool Rod
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.wide_guard.*                              # (default: true) USE Wide Guard
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.alumentum.*                               # (default: true) USE Alumentum
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.amber.*                                   # (default: true) USE Amber
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.amulet_vis.*                              # (default: true) USE Vis Stone
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.bath_salts.*                              # (default: true) USE Purifying Bath Salts
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.baubles.*                                 # (default: true) USE Mundane Amulet
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.bottle_taint.*                            # (default: true) USE Bottle of Taint
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.brain.*                                   # (default: true) USE Zombie Brain
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.caster_basic.*                            # (default: true) USE Caster's Gauntlet
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.causality_collapser.*                     # (default: true) USE Causality Collapser
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.celestial_notes.*                         # (default: true) USE Celestial Notes
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.charm_undying.*                           # (default: true) USE Charm of Undying
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.chunk.*                                   # (default: true) USE Beef Nugget
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.cloth_boots.*                             # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Boots
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.cloth_chest.*                             # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Robe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.cloth_legs.*                              # (default: true) USE Thaumaturge's Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.cloud_ring.*                              # (default: true) USE Cloudstepper Ring
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.cluster.*                                 # (default: true) USE Native Iron Cluster
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.creative_flux_sponge.*                    # (default: true) USE Flux Sponge
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_blade.*                           # (default: true) USE Crimson Blade
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_boots.*                           # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Boots
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_chest.*                     # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_helm.*                      # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Helm
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_plate_legs.*                      # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Greaves
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_chest.*                   # (default: true) USE Crimson Praetor Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_helm.*                    # (default: true) USE Crimson Praetor Helm
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_praetor_legs.*                    # (default: true) USE Crimson Praetor Greaves
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_chest.*                      # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Robe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_helm.*                       # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Hood
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crimson_robe_legs.*                       # (default: true) USE Crimson Cult Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.crystal_essence.*                         # (default: true) USE %s Vis Crystal
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.curio.*                                   # (default: true) USE Arcane Curiosity
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.curiosity_band.*                          # (default: true) USE Headband of Curiosity
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.elemental_axe.*                           # (default: true) USE Axe of the Stream
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.elemental_hoe.*                           # (default: true) USE Hoe of Growth
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.elemental_pick.*                          # (default: true) USE Pickaxe of the Core
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.elemental_shovel.*                        # (default: true) USE Shovel of the Earthmover
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.elemental_sword.*                         # (default: true) USE Sword of the Zephyr
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.enchanted_placeholder.*                   # (default: true) USE Any enchanted item
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.fabric.*                                  # (default: true) USE Enchanted Fabric
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.filter.*                                  # (default: true) USE Essentia Filter
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.focus_1.*                                 # (default: true) USE Blank Lesser Focus
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.focus_2.*                                 # (default: true) USE Blank Advanced Focus
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.focus_3.*                                 # (default: true) USE Blank Greater Focus
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.focus_pouch.*                             # (default: true) USE Focus Pouch
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.fortress_chest.*                          # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Cuirass
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.fortress_helm.*                           # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Helm
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.fortress_legs.*                           # (default: true) USE Thaumium Fortress Thigh Guards
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.goggles.*                                 # (default: true) USE Goggles of Revealing
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.golem.*                                   # (default: true) USE Golem
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.golem_bell.*                              # (default: true) USE Golemancer's Bell
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.grapple_gun.*                             # (default: true) USE Arcane Grappler
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_spool.*                       # (default: true) USE Grappler Spool
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.grapple_gun_tip.*                         # (default: true) USE Grappler Head
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.hand_mirror.*                             # (default: true) USE Magic Hand Mirror
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.ingot.*                                   # (default: true) USE Thaumium Ingot
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.jar_brace.*                               # (default: true) USE Brass Lid Brace
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.label.*                                   # (default: true) USE Blank Label
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.loot_bag.*                                # (default: true) USE Common Treasure
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.mechanism_complex.*                       # (default: true) USE Complex Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.mechanism_simple.*                        # (default: true) USE Simple Arcane Mechanism
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.mind.*                                    # (default: true) USE Clockwork Mind
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.mirrored_glass.*                          # (default: true) USE Mirrored Glass
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.module.*                                  # (default: true) USE Vision Module
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.morphic_resonator.*                       # (default: true) USE Morphic Resonator
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.nugget.*                                  # (default: true) USE Iron Nugget
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.pech_wand.*                               # (default: true) USE Pech Wand
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.phial.*                                   # (default: true) USE Glass Phial
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.plate.*                                   # (default: true) USE Brass Plate
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.primal_crusher.*                          # (default: true) USE Primal Crusher
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.primordial_pearl.*                        # (default: true) USE Primordial Pearl
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.quicksilver.*                             # (default: true) USE Quicksilver
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.resonator.*                               # (default: true) USE Essentia Resonator
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.salis_mundus.*                            # (default: true) USE Salis Mundus
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.sanity_checker.*                          # (default: true) USE Sanity Checker
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.sanity_soap.*                             # (default: true) USE Sanitizing Soap
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.scribing_tools.*                          # (default: true) USE Scribing Tools
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.seal.*                                    # (default: true) USE Blank Seal
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.tallow.*                                  # (default: true) USE Magic Tallow
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_axe.*                            # (default: true) USE Thaumium Axe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_boots.*                          # (default: true) USE Thaumium Boots
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_chest.*                          # (default: true) USE Thaumium Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_helm.*                           # (default: true) USE Thaumium Helm
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_hoe.*                            # (default: true) USE Thaumium Hoe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_legs.*                           # (default: true) USE Thaumium Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_pick.*                           # (default: true) USE Thaumium Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_shovel.*                         # (default: true) USE Thaumium Shovel
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumium_sword.*                          # (default: true) USE Thaumium Sword
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumometer.*                             # (default: true) USE Thaumometer
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.thaumonomicon.*                           # (default: true) USE Thaumonomicon
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.traveller_boots.*                         # (default: true) USE Boots of the Traveller
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.triple_meat_treat.*                       # (default: true) USE Triple Meat Treat
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.turret.*                                  # (default: true) USE Automated Crossbow
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.verdant_charm.*                           # (default: true) USE Verdant Heart Charm
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.vis_resonator.*                           # (default: true) USE Vis Resonator
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_axe.*                                # (default: true) USE Void Axe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_boots.*                              # (default: true) USE Void Boots
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_chest.*                              # (default: true) USE Void Chestplate
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_helm.*                               # (default: true) USE Void Helm
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_hoe.*                                # (default: true) USE Void Hoe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_legs.*                               # (default: true) USE Void Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_pick.*                               # (default: true) USE Void Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_robe_chest.*                         # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Robe
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_robe_helm.*                          # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Hood
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_robe_legs.*                          # (default: true) USE Void Thaumaturge Leggings
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_seed.*                               # (default: true) USE Void Seed
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_shovel.*                             # (default: true) USE Void Shovel
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.void_sword.*                              # (default: true) USE Void Sword
fe.protection.use.thaumcraft.voidseer_charm.*                          # (default: true) USE Voidseer's Pearl
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.alpha_fur.*                           # (default: true) USE Alpha Yeti Fur
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.arctic_boots.*                        # (default: true) USE Arctic Boots
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.arctic_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) USE Arctic Jacket
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.arctic_fur.*                          # (default: true) USE Arctic Fur
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.arctic_helmet.*                       # (default: true) USE Arctic Hood
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.arctic_leggings.*                     # (default: true) USE Arctic Leggings
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.armor_shard.*                         # (default: true) USE Armor Shard
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.armor_shard_cluster.*                 # (default: true) USE Armor Shard Cluster
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.block_and_chain.*                     # (default: true) USE Block and Chain
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.borer_essence.*                       # (default: true) USE Borer Essence
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.carminite.*                           # (default: true) USE Carminite
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_1.*                  # (default: true) USE Charm of Keeping I
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_2.*                  # (default: true) USE Charm of Keeping II
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.charm_of_keeping_3.*                  # (default: true) USE Charm of Keeping III
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.charm_of_life_1.*                     # (default: true) USE Charm of Life I
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.charm_of_life_2.*                     # (default: true) USE Charm of Life II
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.cooked_meef.*                         # (default: true) USE Meef Steak
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.cooked_venison.*                      # (default: true) USE Venison Steak
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.crumble_horn.*                        # (default: true) USE Crumble Horn
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.cube_of_annihilation.*                # (default: true) USE Cube of Annihilation
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.cube_talisman.*                       # (default: true) USE Talisman of the Cube
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ender_bow.*                           # (default: true) USE Ender Bow
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                      # (default: true) USE Experiment 115
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_blood.*                         # (default: true) USE Fiery Blood
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_boots.*                         # (default: true) USE Fiery Boots
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) USE Fiery Plate
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_helmet.*                        # (default: true) USE Fiery Helm
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_ingot.*                         # (default: true) USE Fiery Ingot
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_leggings.*                      # (default: true) USE Fiery Legs
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_pickaxe.*                       # (default: true) USE Fiery Pick
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_sword.*                         # (default: true) USE Fiery Sword
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.fiery_tears.*                         # (default: true) USE Fiery Tears
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.giant_pickaxe.*                       # (default: true) USE Giant's Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.giant_sword.*                         # (default: true) USE Giant's Sword
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.glass_sword.*                         # (default: true) USE Glass Sword
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.hydra_chop.*                          # (default: true) USE Hydra Chop
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ice_bomb.*                            # (default: true) USE Ice Bomb
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ice_bow.*                             # (default: true) USE Ice Bow
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ice_sword.*                           # (default: true) USE Ice Sword
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_axe.*                        # (default: true) USE Ironwood Axe
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_boots.*                      # (default: true) USE Ironwood Boots
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) USE Ironwood Plate
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_helmet.*                     # (default: true) USE Ironwood Helm
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_hoe.*                        # (default: true) USE Ironwood Hoe
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_ingot.*                      # (default: true) USE Ironwood Ingot
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_leggings.*                   # (default: true) USE Ironwood Legs
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_pickaxe.*                    # (default: true) USE Ironwood Pick
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_raw.*                        # (default: true) USE Raw Ironwood Materials
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_shovel.*                     # (default: true) USE Ironwood Shovel
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ironwood_sword.*                      # (default: true) USE Ironwood Sword
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_axe.*                     # (default: true) USE Knightly Axe
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_boots.*                   # (default: true) USE Knightly Boots
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_chestplate.*              # (default: true) USE Knightly Plate
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_helmet.*                  # (default: true) USE Knightly Helm
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_ingot.*                   # (default: true) USE Knightmetal Ingot
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_leggings.*                # (default: true) USE Knightly Greaves
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_pickaxe.*                 # (default: true) USE Knightly Pick
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_ring.*                    # (default: true) USE Knightmetal Loop
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.knightmetal_sword.*                   # (default: true) USE Knightly Sword
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.lamp_of_cinders.*                     # (default: true) USE Lamp of Cinders
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.lifedrain_scepter.*                   # (default: true) USE Scepter of Life Draining
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.liveroot.*                            # (default: true) USE Liveroot
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.magic_beans.*                         # (default: true) USE Magic Beans
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.magic_map.*                           # (default: true) USE Magic Map
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.magic_map_empty.*                     # (default: true) USE Blank Magic Map
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.magic_map_focus.*                     # (default: true) USE Magic Map Focus
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.maze_map.*                            # (default: true) USE Maze Map
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.maze_map_empty.*                      # (default: true) USE Blank Maze Map
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.maze_map_focus.*                      # (default: true) USE Maze Map Focus
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.maze_wafer.*                          # (default: true) USE Maze Wafer
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.mazebreaker_pickaxe.*                 # (default: true) USE Mazebreaker
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.meef_stroganoff.*                     # (default: true) USE Meef Stroganoff
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.minotaur_axe.*                        # (default: true) USE Minotaur Axe
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.moonworm_queen.*                      # (default: true) USE Moonworm Queen
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.naga_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) USE Naga Scale Tunic
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.naga_leggings.*                       # (default: true) USE Naga Scale Leggings
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.naga_scale.*                          # (default: true) USE Naga Scale
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ore_magnet.*                          # (default: true) USE Ore Magnet
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ore_map.*                             # (default: true) USE Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ore_map_empty.*                       # (default: true) USE Blank Maze/Ore Map
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.ore_meter.*                           # (default: true) USE Ore Meter [WIP]
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.peacock_fan.*                         # (default: true) USE Peacock Feather Fan
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.phantom_chestplate.*                  # (default: true) USE Phantom Plate
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.phantom_helmet.*                      # (default: true) USE Phantom Helm
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.raven_feather.*                       # (default: true) USE Raven Feather
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.raw_meef.*                            # (default: true) USE Raw Meef
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.raw_venison.*                         # (default: true) USE Raw Venison
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.seeker_bow.*                          # (default: true) USE Seeker Bow
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.shield_scepter.*                      # (default: true) USE Scepter of Fortification
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_axe.*                        # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Axe
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_boots.*                      # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Boots
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Plate
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_helmet.*                     # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Helm
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_hoe.*                        # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Hoe
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_ingot.*                      # (default: true) USE Steeleaf
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_leggings.*                   # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Legs
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_pickaxe.*                    # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Pick
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_shovel.*                     # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Shovel
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.steeleaf_sword.*                      # (default: true) USE Steeleaf Sword
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.torchberries.*                        # (default: true) USE Torchberries
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.tower_key.*                           # (default: true) USE Tower Key
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.transformation_powder.*               # (default: true) USE Transformation Powder
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.triple_bow.*                          # (default: true) USE Tri-bow
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.trophy.*                              # (default: true) USE Naga Trophy
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.twilight_scepter.*                    # (default: true) USE Scepter of Twilight
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.yeti_boots.*                          # (default: true) USE Yeti Boots
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.yeti_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) USE Yeti Jacket
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.yeti_helmet.*                         # (default: true) USE Yeti Horned Helm
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.yeti_leggings.*                       # (default: true) USE Yeti Leggings
fe.protection.use.twilightforest.zombie_scepter.*                      # (default: true) USE Zombie Scepter
