#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 30.12 10:17 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 9825 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                                            # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.cable_bus.*                              # (default: true) BREAK AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.cell_workbench.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Cell Workbench
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.charged_quartz_ore.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.charger.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Charger
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.chest.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK ME Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_block.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.*            # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_slab.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_stairs.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.condenser.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Matter Condenser
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.controller.*                             # (default: true) BREAK ME Controller
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_accelerator.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Co-Processing Unit
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_monitor.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_16k.*                   # (default: true) BREAK 16k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_1k.*                    # (default: true) BREAK 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_4k.*                    # (default: true) BREAK 4k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_64k.*                   # (default: true) BREAK 64k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crafting_unit.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Unit
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.crank.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Crank
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.creative_energy_cell.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.dense_energy_cell.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.drive.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK ME Drive
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.energy_acceptor.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.energy_cell.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Energy Cell
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.fluid_interface.*                        # (default: true) BREAK ME Fluid Interface
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.fluix_block.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.fluix_slab.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.fluix_stairs.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.grindstone.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.inscriber.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Inscriber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.interface.*                              # (default: true) BREAK ME Interface
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.io_port.*                                # (default: true) BREAK ME IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.light_detector.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.matrix_frame.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Matrix Frame
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.molecular_assembler.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.paint.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.paint.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quantum_link.*                           # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quantum_ring.*                           # (default: true) BREAK ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_block.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_fixture.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_glass.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_growth_accelerator.*              # (default: true) BREAK Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_ore.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.*              # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_slab.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_stairs.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_slab.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_stairs.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.quartz_vibrant_glass.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.security_station.*                       # (default: true) BREAK ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_compass.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_block.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.*            # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_slab.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_stairs.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_chest.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_slab.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.*      # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_slab.*             # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_stairs.*           # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_block.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_chest.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Chest
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.*           # (default: true) BREAK tile.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_slab.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_stairs.*                # (default: true) BREAK Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.spatial_io_port.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.spatial_pylon.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.tiny_tnt.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Tiny TNT
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.vibration_chamber.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.break.appliedenergistics2.wireless_access_point.*                  # (default: true) BREAK ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.bell.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Desk Bell
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.case.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.clock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cookie Jar
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.desk.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dinner Plate
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Disc Rack
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.label.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Painting Press
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Printing Press
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.seat.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.table.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Typesetting Table
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ash_block.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ash Block
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.bamboo.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.bamboo_thatching.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Bamboo Thatching
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.biome_block.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.blood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.blue_fire.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Blue Fire
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.bramble_plant.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Bramble
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.cherry_door_block.*                            # (default: true) BREAK item.cherry_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.cherry_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.coral.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.coral.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.crystal.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.dirt.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.double_other_slab.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_other_slab.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.double_plant.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_plant.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_0.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_1.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.double_wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.dried_sand.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dried Sand
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ebony_door_block.*                             # (default: true) BREAK item.ebony_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ebony Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Ebony Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ebony_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ebony Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK item.ethereal_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ethereal_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door_block.*                        # (default: true) BREAK item.eucalyptus_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_stairs.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.farmland_0.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.farmland_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.farmland_1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.farmland_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.fir_door_block.*                               # (default: true) BREAK item.fir_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.fir_fence.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Fir Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.fir_fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.fir_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.flesh.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Flesh
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.flower_0.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.flower_1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.flower_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.gem_block.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.gem_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.gem_ore.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.gem_ore.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.grass.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.grass_path.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.grass_path.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hard_ice.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Ice
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK item.hellbark_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Hellbark Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Hellbark Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hellbark_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hive.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.hive.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.honey.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.honey_block.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Honey Block
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.hot_spring_water.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.ivy.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Ivy
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door_block.*                         # (default: true) BREAK item.jacaranda_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Jacaranda Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Jacaranda Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_stairs.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_0.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_2.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_3.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_3.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_4.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_4.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_5.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_5.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.leaves_6.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.leaves_6.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.log_0.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.log_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.log_1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.log_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.log_2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.log_2.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.log_3.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.log_3.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.log_4.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.log_4.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.magic_door_block.*                             # (default: true) BREAK item.magic_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.magic_fence.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magic Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.magic_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Magic Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.magic_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK item.mahogany_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mahogany Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Mahogany Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mahogany_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK item.mangrove_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mangrove_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mud.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.mud.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_stairs.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.mushroom.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.other_slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.other_slab.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.palm_door_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK item.palm_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.palm_fence.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Palm Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.palm_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Palm Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.palm_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.pine_door_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK item.pine_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.pine_fence.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Pine Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.pine_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Pine Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.pine_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.planks_0.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.planks_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.plant_0.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.plant_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.plant_1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.plant_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.poison.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.redwood_door_block.*                           # (default: true) BREAK item.redwood_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.redwood_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door_block.*                        # (default: true) BREAK item.sacred_oak_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Sacred Oak Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Sacred Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_stairs.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sand.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sapling_0.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sapling_1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling_1.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.sapling_2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.sapling_2.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.seaweed.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.seaweed.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.terrarium.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.terrarium.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.umbran_door_block.*                            # (default: true) BREAK item.umbran_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Umbran Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Umbran Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.umbran_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Umbran Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.waterlily.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.white_sand.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK White Sand
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.white_sandstone.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) BREAK White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.willow_door_block.*                            # (default: true) BREAK item.willow_door_block.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.willow_fence.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Willow Fence
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.willow_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.willow_stairs.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.willow_vine.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Willow Vine
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_0.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.break.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_1.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.antiblock.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Antiblock
fe.protection.break.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Auto Chisel
fe.protection.break.chisel.basalt.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.basalt1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.basalt2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockbronze.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bronze
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockcopper.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Copper
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Electrum
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockgold.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockinvar.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Invar
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockiron.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocklead.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Lead
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocknickel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Nickel
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Platinum
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocksilver.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Silver
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocksteel.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Steel
fe.protection.break.chisel.blocktin.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tin
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockuranium.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Block of Uranium
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bricks.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bricks1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bricks2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.brownstone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_black.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Black Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Brown Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_green.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Green Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Lime Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Orange Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Pink Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Purple Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_red.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Red Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_white.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.cloud.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Cloud
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_black.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Black Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_black1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Black Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_black2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Black Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Brown Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Brown Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Brown Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_green.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Green Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_green1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Green Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_green2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Green Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lime Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lime Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lime Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_orange.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Orange Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Orange Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Orange Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pink Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pink Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pink Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_purple.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Purple Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purple Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purple Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_red.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Red Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_white.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_white1.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_white2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.diamond.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.dirt.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.chisel.emerald.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.chisel.endstone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Endstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.endstone1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Endstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.endstone2.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Endstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.factory.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.factory1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futura.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Futura Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK White Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite1.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite2.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice.*                                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice1.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice2.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.icepillar.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron.*                                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.ironpane.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.chisel.laboratory.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lapis.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marblepillar.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherbrick.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Nether Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherrack.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.chisel.paper.*                                               # (default: true) BREAK Paper Wall
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-birch.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Birch Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-oak.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Oak Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.prismarine.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.chisel.prismarine1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.chisel.prismarine2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.quartz.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quartz
fe.protection.break.chisel.quartz1.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quartz
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone1.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebrick.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical1.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technicalnew.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.temple.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.templemossy.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.tyrian.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Tyrian
fe.protection.break.chisel.valentines.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Valentines' Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone1.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone2.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_black.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Black Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_blue.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_brown.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Brown Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_gray.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_green.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Green Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_lime.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Lime Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_orange.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Orange Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_pink.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Pink Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_purple.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Purple Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_red.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Red Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_white.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Wool
fe.protection.break.conarm.armorforge.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Armor Forge
fe.protection.break.conarm.armorstation.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Armor Station
fe.protection.break.conarm.soft_obsidian.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Unstable Obsidian
fe.protection.break.gravestone.gravestone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gravestone
fe.protection.break.ichunutil.compact_porkchop.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Compact Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.break.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.basicblock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.basicblock2.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.boundingblock.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Bounding Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.cardboardbox.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cardboard Box
fe.protection.break.mekanism.energycube.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.gastank.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.glowpanel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Glow Panel
fe.protection.break.mekanism.glowplasticblock.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.machineblock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.machineblock2.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.machineblock3.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.obsidiantnt.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.break.mekanism.oreblock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.break.mekanism.plasticblock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.plasticfence.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.break.mekanism.reinforcedplasticblock.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.roadplasticblock.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Plastic Road
fe.protection.break.mekanism.saltblock.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Salt Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.slickplasticblock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.break.mekanism.transmitter.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.Transmitter.name
fe.protection.break.mekanismgenerators.generator.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.break.mekanismgenerators.reactor.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.break.mekanismgenerators.reactorglass.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Activator Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Air
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.barrier.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Warding Aura
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.bed.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beetroots.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Beetroots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_door.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Birch Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Birch Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bone_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Bone Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Brewing Stand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Carpet
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Chain Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Chorus Flower
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Chorus Plant
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.concrete.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Detector Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Plant
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_rod.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK End Rod
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Oak Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Frosted Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Powered Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass_path.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Grass Path
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.magma.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Magma Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.observer.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Observer
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.break.minecraft.prismarine.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quartz
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Flower
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Oak Sapling
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sea Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.slime.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Slime Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_banner.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK White Banner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.structure_block.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Structure Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.structure_void.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Structure Void
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK White Banner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                              # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) BREAK White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) BREAK White Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Oak Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Flower
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.break.oreberries.aluminum_oreberry_bush.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Aluminum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.oreberries.copper_oreberry_bush.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Copper Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.oreberries.essence_oreberry_bush.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Essence Berry Bush
fe.protection.break.oreberries.gold_oreberry_bush.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Gold Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.oreberries.iron_oreberry_bush.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Iron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.oreberries.tin_oreberry_bush.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Tin Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.blood.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK fluid.blood.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.blueslime.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*                # (default: true) BREAK Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.casting.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.channel.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Casting Channel
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.faucet.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Faucet
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.firewood.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.glow.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Glow
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.metal.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.milk.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_alubrass.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_aluminum.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Ardite
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_brass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Brass
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Bronze
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Clay
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Copper
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_electrum.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Electrum
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Emerald
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Glass
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Gold
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Iron
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_lead.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Lead
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_nickel.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Nickel
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_silver.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Molten Silver
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Steel
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Seared Stone
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_tin.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Molten Tin
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_zinc.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Molten Zinc
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.ore.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.punji.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Punji Sticks
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.rack.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.soil.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Stone Ladder
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone Torch
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.toolforge.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Tool Forge
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.tooltables.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Rail
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.wooden_hopper.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Hopper
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.activator_rail.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Activator Rail
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.alembic.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Alembic
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.amber_block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Amber Block
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.amber_brick.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Amber Bricks
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.arcane_ear.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Ear
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.arcane_ear_toggle.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Ear (Toggle)
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Workbench
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench_charger.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Workbench Charger
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_black.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Black Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_blue.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blue Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_brown.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Brown Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_crimson_cult.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Crimson Cult Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_gray.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Gray Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_green.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Green Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_lightblue.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_lime.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lime Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_orange.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Orange Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_pink.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pink Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_purple.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Purple Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_red.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Red Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_silver.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_white.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK White Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.banner_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Banner
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.barrier.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Warding Aura
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.bellows.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.brain_box.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Mnemonic Matrix
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_black.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Black Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_blue.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_brown.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Brown Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_gray.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_green.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Green Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_lightblue.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_lime.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lime Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_orange.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Orange Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_pink.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Pink Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_purple.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Purple Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_red.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Red Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_silver.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_white.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK White Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.candle_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Tallow Candle
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.centrifuge.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Centrifuge
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.cinderpearl.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cinderpearl
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.condenser.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Flux Condenser
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice_dirty.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Clogged Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crucible.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Crucible
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_aer.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Air Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_aqua.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Water Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_ignis.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fire Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_ordo.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Order Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_perditio.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Entropy Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_terra.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Earth Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.crystal_vitium.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Flux Crystal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.dioptra.*                                         # (default: true) BREAK Thaumic Dioptra
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.effect_glimmer.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Glimmer
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.effect_sap.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Sapping Field
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.effect_shock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Static Field
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.empty.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Empty Space
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.essentia_input.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Filling Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.essentia_output.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Emptying Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.everfull_urn.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Everfull Urn
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.flesh_block.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Flesh
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.flux_goo.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Flux Goo
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.golem_builder.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Golem Press
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.grass_ambient.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ambient Grass Block
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.hole.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Dimensional Tear
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.hungry_chest.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Hungry Chest
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.infernal_furnace.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.infusion_matrix.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Runic Matrix
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.inlay.*                                           # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.jar_brain.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Brain in a Jar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.jar_normal.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Warded Jar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.jar_void.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Void Jar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.lamp_arcane.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Lamp
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.lamp_fertility.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lamp of Fertility
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.lamp_growth.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lamp of Growth  
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.leaves_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.leaves_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.levitator.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.liquid_death.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Death
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.log_greatwood.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Log
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.log_silverwood.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Log
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_crate_common.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Common Crate
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_crate_rare.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Rare Crate
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_crate_uncommon.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Uncommon Crate
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_urn_common.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Common Urn
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_urn_rare.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rare Urn
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.loot_urn_uncommon.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Uncommon Urn
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.matrix_cost.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Infusion Cost Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.matrix_speed.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Infusion Speed Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical_advanced.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Advanced Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.metal_brass.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Brass Block
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.metal_thaumium.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Block
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.metal_void.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Void Metal Block
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.mirror.*                                          # (default: true) BREAK Magic Mirror
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.mirror_essentia.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Mirror
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_black.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Black Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_blue.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Blue Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_brown.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Brown Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_cyan.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_gray.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Gray Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_green.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Green Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_lightblue.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_lime.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Lime Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_magenta.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_orange.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Orange Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_pink.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Pink Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_purple.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purple Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_red.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_silver.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_white.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK White Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.nitor_yellow.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Nitor
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.ore_amber.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Amber Bearing Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.ore_cinnabar.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cinnabar Ore
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.ore_quartz.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pattern_crafter.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Pattern Crafter
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.paving_stone_barrier.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Barrier Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.paving_stone_travel.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Paving Stone of Travel
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pedestal_ancient.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Pedestal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pedestal_arcane.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pedestal_eldritch.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Pedestal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pillar_ancient.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pillar_arcane.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.pillar_eldritch.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_anvil.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Golem Press
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_bars.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Golem Press
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_brick.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_cauldron.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Golem Press
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_obsidian.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.placeholder_table.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Golem Press
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.plank_greatwood.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Planks
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.plank_silverwood.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Planks
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.potion_sprayer.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Potion Sprayer
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.purifying_fluid.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.recharge_pedestal.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.redstone_relay.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Relay
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.research_table.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Research Table
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.sapling_greatwood.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Sapling
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.sapling_silverwood.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Sapling
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.shimmerleaf.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_ancient.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_brick.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Brick Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_stone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_ancient.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_ancient.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_brick.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_arcane_brick.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_stone.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_arcane_stone.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_eldritch.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_eldritch.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_greatwood.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_greatwood.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_double_silverwood.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.slab_double_silverwood.name
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_eldritch.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_greatwood.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.slab_silverwood.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Slab
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.smelter_aux.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Auxiliary Slurry Pump
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.smelter_basic.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.smelter_thaumium.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Thaumium Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.smelter_vent.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Auxiliary Venting Port
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.smelter_void.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Void Metal Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.spa.*                                             # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Spa
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stabilizer.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Stabilizer
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stairs_ancient.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane_brick.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stairs_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stairs_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_ancient.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_doorway.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_glyphed.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Glyphed Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_rock.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Rock
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_tile.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Ancient Stone Tile
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_arcane.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_arcane_brick.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Arcane Stone Brick
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_eldritch_tile.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Eldritch Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.stone_porous.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Porous Stone
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.table_stone.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone Table
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.table_wood.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Wood Table
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_crust.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Crusted Taint
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_feature.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Swollen Taint
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_fibre.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Fibrous Taint
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_geyser.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Taint Geyser
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_log.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Taintwood Log
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_rock.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Rock
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.taint_soil.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Tainted Soil
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.thaumatorium.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Thaumatorium
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.thaumatorium_top.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Thaumatorium
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube.*                                            # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Tube
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube_buffer.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Buffer
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube_filter.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Filtered Essentia Tube
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube_oneway.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Directional Essentia Tube
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube_restrict.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Restricted Essentia Tube
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.tube_valve.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Essentia Valve
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.vis_battery.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Vis Battery
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.vis_generator.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vis Generator
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.vishroom.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK Vishroom
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.void_siphon.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Void Siphon
fe.protection.break.thaumcraft.wand_workbench.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Focal Manipulator
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.aurora_block.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Block
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.aurora_pillar.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.aurora_slab.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Aurora Slab
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.auroralized_glass.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Auroralized Glass
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.block_storage.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.BlockOfStorage.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.boss_spawner.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.BossSpawner.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.burnt_thorns.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_brick.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_door.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_door_vanished.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_pillar.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastlePillar.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_rune_brick.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_stairs.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleStairs.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_stairs_brick.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsBrick.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_stairs_cracked.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsCracked.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_stairs_mossy.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_stairs_worn.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsWorn.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.castle_unlock.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CastleUnlock.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.cicada.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Cicada
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.cinder_furnace.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.cinder_furnace_lit.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.cinder_log.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.dark_leaves.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.deadrock.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Deadrock.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.double_aurora_slab.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.etched_nagastone.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_mossy.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_weathered.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Ruined Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.experiment115.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.fiery_essence.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.fiery_essence.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.fire_jet.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.FireJet.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.firefly.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Firefly
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.firefly_jar.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Firefly Jar
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.fluffy_cloud.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.force_field.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.ForceField.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.giant_cobblestone.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.giant_leaves.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Giant Leaves
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.giant_log.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Giant Log
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.giant_obsidian.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.hedge.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Hedge.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.huge_lilypad.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.huge_mushgloom.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.huge_stalk.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Huge Stalk
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.huge_waterlily.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.knightmetal_block.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.lapis_block.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block Of Lapis [NYI]
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.magic_leaves.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.MagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.magic_log.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.MagicLog.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.magic_log_core.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.MagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.maze_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Mazestone.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.miniature_structure.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.MiniatureStructure.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.molten_fierymetal.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.fierymetal.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.molten_knightmetal.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.knightmetal.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.moonworm.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Moonworm
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.naga_stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Nagastone.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_mossy.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_weathered.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Ruined Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairs.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_mossy.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_weathered.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsWeathered.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.root.*                                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Roots.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.slider.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Slider.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.spiral_bricks.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Spiral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.stronghold_shield.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Shield.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.thorn_rose.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Thorn Rose
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.thorns.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Thorns.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.tower_device.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.TowerDevice.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.tower_translucent.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.TowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.tower_wood.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.TowerStone.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trollber.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Trollber
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trollsteinn.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Trollsteinn
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trollvidr.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Trollvidr
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trophy.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.trophy_pedestal.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.TrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_leaves.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Leaves.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_leaves_3.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Leaves3.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_log.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Log.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_plant.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.Plant.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_portal.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.twilight_sapling.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Twilight Sapling
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.uberous_soil.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Uberous Soil
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.uncrafting_table.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.underbrick.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.twilightforest.UnderBrick.name
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.unripe_trollber.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.break.twilightforest.wispy_cloud.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.explode.*                                                          # (default: true) (global) Allows blocks to explode
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.cable_bus.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.cell_workbench.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.charged_quartz_ore.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.charger.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Charger
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.chest.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_block.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_slab.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_stairs.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.condenser.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.controller.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Controller
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_accelerator.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Co-Processing Unit
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_monitor.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_16k.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE 16k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_1k.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_4k.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE 4k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_64k.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE 64k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crafting_unit.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.crank.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.creative_energy_cell.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.dense_energy_cell.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.drive.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Drive
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.energy_acceptor.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.energy_cell.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Energy Cell
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.fluid_interface.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Fluid Interface
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.fluix_block.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.fluix_slab.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.fluix_stairs.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.grindstone.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.inscriber.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Inscriber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.interface.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Interface
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.io_port.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE ME IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.light_detector.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.matrix_frame.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.molecular_assembler.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.paint.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.paint.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quantum_link.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quantum_ring.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_block.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_fixture.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_glass.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_growth_accelerator.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_ore.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_slab.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_stairs.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_slab.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_stairs.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.quartz_vibrant_glass.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.security_station.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_compass.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_block.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_slab.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_stairs.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_chest.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_slab.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.*    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_slab.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_stairs.*         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_stairs.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_block.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_chest.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Chest
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.*         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_slab.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_stairs.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.spatial_io_port.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.spatial_pylon.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.tiny_tnt.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.vibration_chamber.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.explode.appliedenergistics2.wireless_access_point.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.bell.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Desk Bell
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.case.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.clock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.desk.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dinner Plate
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Disc Rack
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.label.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Painting Press
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Printing Press
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.seat.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.table.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ash_block.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ash Block
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.bamboo.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.bamboo_thatching.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bamboo Thatching
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.biome_block.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.blood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.blue_fire.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Fire
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.bramble_plant.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bramble
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.cherry_door_block.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.cherry_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.cherry_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.coral.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.coral.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.crystal.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.dirt.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.double_other_slab.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_other_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.double_plant.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_plant.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_0.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_1.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.double_wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.dried_sand.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dried Sand
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ebony_door_block.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE item.ebony_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ebony Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Ebony Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ebony_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ebony Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE item.ethereal_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ethereal_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door_block.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE item.eucalyptus_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_stairs.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.farmland_0.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.farmland_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.farmland_1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.farmland_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.fir_door_block.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE item.fir_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.fir_fence.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.fir_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.fir_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.flesh.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Flesh
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.flower_0.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.flower_1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.flower_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.gem_block.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gem_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.gem_ore.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.gem_ore.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.grass.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.grass_path.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.grass_path.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hard_ice.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE item.hellbark_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellbark Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellbark Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hellbark_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hive.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.honey.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.honey_block.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey Block
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.hot_spring_water.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.ivy.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ivy
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door_block.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE item.jacaranda_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Jacaranda Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Jacaranda Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_stairs.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_0.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_2.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_3.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_3.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_4.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_4.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_5.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_5.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.leaves_6.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.leaves_6.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.log_0.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.log_1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.log_2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log_2.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.log_3.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log_3.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.log_4.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.log_4.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.magic_door_block.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE item.magic_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.magic_fence.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.magic_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.magic_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE item.mahogany_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mahogany Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mahogany Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mahogany_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE item.mangrove_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mangrove_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mud.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_stairs.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.mushroom.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.other_slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.other_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.palm_door_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.palm_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.palm_fence.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.palm_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.palm_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.pine_door_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE item.pine_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.pine_fence.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pine Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.pine_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Pine Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.pine_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.planks_0.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.planks_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.plant_0.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plant_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.plant_1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.plant_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.poison.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.redwood_door_block.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE item.redwood_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.redwood_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door_block.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE item.sacred_oak_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sacred Oak Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sacred Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_stairs.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sand.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sapling_0.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sapling_1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling_1.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.sapling_2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.sapling_2.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.seaweed.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.seaweed.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.terrarium.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.terrarium.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.umbran_door_block.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.umbran_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbran Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbran Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.umbran_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Umbran Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.waterlily.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.white_sand.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE White Sand
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.white_sandstone.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone_stairs.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.willow_door_block.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE item.willow_door_block.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.willow_fence.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Fence
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.willow_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.willow_stairs.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.willow_vine.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Willow Vine
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_0.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.explode.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_1.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.antiblock.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Antiblock
fe.protection.explode.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.basalt.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.basalt1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.basalt2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockbronze.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockcopper.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Copper
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Electrum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockgold.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockinvar.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Invar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockiron.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocklead.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Lead
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocknickel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Nickel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Platinum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocksilver.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Silver
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocksteel.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Steel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blocktin.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockuranium.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bricks.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bricks1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bricks2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.brownstone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_black.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_green.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_red.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_white.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cloud.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_black.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_black1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_black2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_green.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_green1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_green2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_orange.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_purple.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_red.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_white.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_white1.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_white2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diamond.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dirt.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.emerald.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.chisel.endstone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Endstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.endstone1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Endstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.endstone2.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Endstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factory.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factory1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futura.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE White Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite1.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite2.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice.*                                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice1.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice2.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.icepillar.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron.*                                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ironpane.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.chisel.laboratory.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lapis.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marblepillar.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherbrick.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherrack.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paper.*                                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Paper Wall
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-birch.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-oak.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.prismarine.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.chisel.prismarine1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.chisel.prismarine2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.quartz.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.explode.chisel.quartz1.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone1.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebrick.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical1.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technicalnew.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.temple.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.templemossy.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tyrian.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Tyrian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.valentines.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Valentines' Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone1.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone2.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_black.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_blue.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_brown.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_gray.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_green.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_lime.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_orange.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_pink.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_purple.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_red.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_white.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.explode.conarm.armorforge.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Forge
fe.protection.explode.conarm.armorstation.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Armor Station
fe.protection.explode.conarm.soft_obsidian.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Unstable Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.gravestone.gravestone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravestone
fe.protection.explode.ichunutil.compact_porkchop.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Compact Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.explode.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.basicblock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.basicblock2.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.boundingblock.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Bounding Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.cardboardbox.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.energycube.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.gastank.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.glowpanel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Glow Panel
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.glowplasticblock.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.machineblock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.machineblock2.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.machineblock3.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.obsidiantnt.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.oreblock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.plasticblock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.plasticfence.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.reinforcedplasticblock.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.roadplasticblock.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Plastic Road
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.saltblock.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Salt Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.slickplasticblock.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.explode.mekanism.transmitter.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Transmitter.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanismgenerators.generator.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanismgenerators.reactor.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.explode.mekanismgenerators.reactorglass.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.air.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Air
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.anvil.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Anvil
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.barrier.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Warding Aura
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beacon.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bed.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.bed.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bedrock.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beetroots.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Beetroots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_door.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bone_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Bone Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cactus.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cake.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carpet.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpet
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carrots.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cauldron.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chain Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chest.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Chorus Flower
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Chorus Plant
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.clay.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cocoa.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocoa
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.command_block.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.concrete.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.deadbush.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Bush
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dirt.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dispenser.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_plant.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Plant
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dropper.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dropper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE End Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_rod.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE End Rod
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_stone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.farmland.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fire.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower Pot
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Frosted Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.furnace.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glowstone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass_path.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Path
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gravel.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hay_block.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Bale
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hopper.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ice.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_block.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_door.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jukebox.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ladder.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lava.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves2.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lever.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log2.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.magma.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Magma Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_block.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mycelium.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mycelium
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.netherrack.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.noteblock.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Note Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.observer.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Observer
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.obsidian.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_extension.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_head.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.planks.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.portal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.potatoes.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.prismarine.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.rail.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_flower.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.reeds.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar cane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sand.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sapling.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Sapling
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sea Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.skull.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.slime.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Slime Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sponge.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_banner.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE White Banner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_button.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.structure_block.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Structure Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.structure_void.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Structure Void
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tnt.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.torch.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.vine.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Vines
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE White Banner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.water.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.waterlily.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.web.*                                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobweb
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wheat.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE White Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wool.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.explode.oreberries.aluminum_oreberry_bush.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Aluminum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.oreberries.copper_oreberry_bush.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Copper Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.oreberries.essence_oreberry_bush.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Essence Berry Bush
fe.protection.explode.oreberries.gold_oreberry_bush.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.oreberries.iron_oreberry_bush.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.oreberries.tin_oreberry_bush.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tin Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.blood.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE fluid.blood.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.blueslime.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.casting.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.channel.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Casting Channel
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.faucet.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Faucet
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.firewood.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.glow.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Glow
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.metal.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.milk.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_alubrass.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_aluminum.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_brass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Brass
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Clay
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Copper
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_electrum.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Emerald
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Glass
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Gold
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Iron
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_lead.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Lead
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_nickel.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_silver.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Silver
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Steel
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Stone
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_tin.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Tin
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_zinc.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.ore.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.punji.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Punji Sticks
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.rack.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.soil.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Ladder
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Torch
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.toolforge.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Tool Forge
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.tooltables.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.wooden_hopper.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Hopper
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.activator_rail.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Activator Rail
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.alembic.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Alembic
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.amber_block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Amber Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.amber_brick.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Amber Bricks
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.arcane_ear.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Ear
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.arcane_ear_toggle.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Ear (Toggle)
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Workbench
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench_charger.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Workbench Charger
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_black.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_blue.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_brown.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_crimson_cult.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Crimson Cult Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_gray.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_green.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_lightblue.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_lime.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_magenta.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_orange.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_pink.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_purple.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_red.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_silver.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_white.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE White Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.banner_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Banner
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.barrier.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Warding Aura
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.bellows.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.brain_box.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mnemonic Matrix
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_black.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_blue.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_brown.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_gray.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_green.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_lightblue.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_lime.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_magenta.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_orange.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_pink.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_purple.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_red.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_silver.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_white.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE White Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.candle_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Tallow Candle
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.centrifuge.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Centrifuge
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.cinderpearl.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.condenser.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Condenser
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice_dirty.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Clogged Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crucible.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Crucible
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_aer.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Air Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_aqua.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_ignis.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_ordo.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Order Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_perditio.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Entropy Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_terra.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Earth Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.crystal_vitium.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Crystal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.dioptra.*                                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumic Dioptra
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.effect_glimmer.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Glimmer
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.effect_sap.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sapping Field
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.effect_shock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Static Field
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.empty.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Empty Space
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.essentia_input.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Filling Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.essentia_output.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Emptying Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.everfull_urn.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.flesh_block.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Flesh
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.flux_goo.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Flux Goo
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.golem_builder.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Press
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.grass_ambient.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ambient Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.hole.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Dimensional Tear
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.hungry_chest.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.infernal_furnace.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.infusion_matrix.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Runic Matrix
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.inlay.*                                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.jar_brain.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Brain in a Jar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.jar_normal.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Warded Jar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.jar_void.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Jar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.lamp_arcane.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Lamp
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.lamp_fertility.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamp of Fertility
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.lamp_growth.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamp of Growth  
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.leaves_greatwood.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.leaves_silverwood.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.levitator.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.liquid_death.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Death
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.log_greatwood.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Log
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.log_silverwood.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Log
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_crate_common.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Common Crate
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_crate_rare.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Rare Crate
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_crate_uncommon.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Uncommon Crate
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_urn_common.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Common Urn
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_urn_rare.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rare Urn
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.loot_urn_uncommon.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Uncommon Urn
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.matrix_cost.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusion Cost Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.matrix_speed.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusion Speed Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical_advanced.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Advanced Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.metal_brass.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Brass Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.metal_thaumium.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.metal_void.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Metal Block
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.mirror.*                                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.mirror_essentia.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Mirror
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_black.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_blue.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_brown.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_cyan.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_gray.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_green.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_lightblue.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_lime.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_magenta.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_orange.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_pink.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_purple.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_red.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_silver.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_white.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE White Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.nitor_yellow.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Nitor
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.ore_amber.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Amber Bearing Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.ore_cinnabar.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnabar Ore
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.ore_quartz.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pattern_crafter.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Pattern Crafter
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.paving_stone_barrier.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Barrier Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.paving_stone_travel.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Paving Stone of Travel
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pedestal_ancient.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pedestal_arcane.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pedestal_eldritch.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pillar_ancient.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pillar_arcane.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.pillar_eldritch.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_anvil.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Press
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_bars.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Press
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_brick.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_cauldron.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Press
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_obsidian.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.placeholder_table.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Golem Press
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.plank_greatwood.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Planks
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.plank_silverwood.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Planks
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.potion_sprayer.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Potion Sprayer
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.purifying_fluid.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.recharge_pedestal.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.redstone_relay.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Relay
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.research_table.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Research Table
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.sapling_greatwood.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Sapling
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.sapling_silverwood.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Sapling
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.shimmerleaf.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_ancient.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_brick.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Brick Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_stone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_ancient.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_ancient.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_brick.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_arcane_brick.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_stone.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_arcane_stone.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_eldritch.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_eldritch.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_greatwood.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_greatwood.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_double_silverwood.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.slab_double_silverwood.name
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_eldritch.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.slab_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Slab
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.smelter_aux.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Auxiliary Slurry Pump
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.smelter_basic.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.smelter_thaumium.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumium Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.smelter_vent.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Auxiliary Venting Port
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.smelter_void.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Metal Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.spa.*                                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Spa
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stabilizer.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stabilizer
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stairs_ancient.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane_brick.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stairs_greatwood.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stairs_silverwood.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_ancient.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_doorway.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_glyphed.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Glyphed Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_rock.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Rock
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_tile.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Ancient Stone Tile
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_arcane.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_arcane_brick.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Arcane Stone Brick
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_eldritch_tile.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Eldritch Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.stone_porous.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Porous Stone
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.table_stone.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Table
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.table_wood.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Table
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_crust.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Crusted Taint
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_feature.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Swollen Taint
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_fibre.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Fibrous Taint
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_geyser.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Taint Geyser
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_log.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Taintwood Log
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_rock.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Rock
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.taint_soil.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.thaumatorium.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.thaumatorium_top.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube.*                                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Tube
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube_buffer.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Buffer
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube_filter.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Filtered Essentia Tube
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube_oneway.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Directional Essentia Tube
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube_restrict.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Restricted Essentia Tube
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.tube_valve.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Essentia Valve
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.vis_battery.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Vis Battery
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.vis_generator.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vis Generator
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.vishroom.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Vishroom
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.void_siphon.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Void Siphon
fe.protection.explode.thaumcraft.wand_workbench.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Focal Manipulator
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.aurora_block.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Block
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.aurora_pillar.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.aurora_slab.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.auroralized_glass.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Auroralized Glass
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.block_storage.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.BlockOfStorage.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.boss_spawner.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.BossSpawner.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.burnt_thorns.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_brick.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_door.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_door_vanished.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_pillar.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastlePillar.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_rune_brick.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_stairs.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairs.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_stairs_brick.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_stairs_cracked.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsCracked.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_stairs_mossy.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_stairs_worn.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsWorn.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.castle_unlock.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CastleUnlock.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.cicada.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cicada
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.cinder_furnace.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.cinder_furnace_lit.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.cinder_log.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.dark_leaves.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.deadrock.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Deadrock.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.double_aurora_slab.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.etched_nagastone.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_mossy.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_weathered.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruined Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.experiment115.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.fiery_essence.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.fiery_essence.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.fire_jet.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.FireJet.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.firefly.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Firefly
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.firefly_jar.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.fluffy_cloud.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.force_field.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.ForceField.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.giant_cobblestone.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.giant_leaves.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.giant_log.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Log
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.giant_obsidian.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.hedge.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Hedge.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.huge_lilypad.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.huge_mushgloom.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.huge_stalk.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.huge_waterlily.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.knightmetal_block.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.lapis_block.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block Of Lapis [NYI]
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.magic_leaves.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.MagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.magic_log.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.MagicLog.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.magic_log_core.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.MagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.maze_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Mazestone.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.miniature_structure.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.MiniatureStructure.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.molten_fierymetal.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.fierymetal.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.molten_knightmetal.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.knightmetal.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.moonworm.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Moonworm
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.naga_stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Nagastone.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_mossy.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_weathered.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Ruined Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairs.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_mossy.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_weathered.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsWeathered.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.root.*                                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Roots.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.slider.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Slider.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.spiral_bricks.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Spiral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.stronghold_shield.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Shield.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.thorn_rose.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.thorns.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Thorns.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.tower_device.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.TowerDevice.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.tower_translucent.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.TowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.tower_wood.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.TowerStone.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trollber.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollber
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trollsteinn.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trollvidr.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Trollvidr
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trophy.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.trophy_pedestal.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.TrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_leaves.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_leaves_3.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Leaves3.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_log.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Log.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_plant.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.Plant.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_portal.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.twilight_sapling.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Twilight Sapling
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.uberous_soil.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.uncrafting_table.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.underbrick.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.twilightforest.UnderBrick.name
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.unripe_trollber.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.explode.twilightforest.wispy_cloud.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.*                                                         # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.cable_bus.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.cell_workbench.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cell Workbench
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.charged_quartz_ore.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.charger.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Charger
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.chest.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT ME Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_block.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.*         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_slab.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_stairs.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.condenser.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Matter Condenser
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.controller.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT ME Controller
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_accelerator.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Co-Processing Unit
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_monitor.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_16k.*                # (default: true) INTERACT 16k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_1k.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_4k.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT 4k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_64k.*                # (default: true) INTERACT 64k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crafting_unit.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Unit
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.crank.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Crank
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.creative_energy_cell.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.dense_energy_cell.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.drive.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT ME Drive
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.energy_acceptor.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.energy_cell.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Energy Cell
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.fluid_interface.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT ME Fluid Interface
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.fluix_block.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.fluix_slab.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.fluix_stairs.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.grindstone.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.inscriber.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Inscriber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.interface.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT ME Interface
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.io_port.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT ME IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.light_detector.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.matrix_frame.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Matrix Frame
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.molecular_assembler.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.paint.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.paint.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quantum_link.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quantum_ring.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_block.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_fixture.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_glass.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_growth_accelerator.*           # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_ore.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.*           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_slab.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_stairs.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_slab.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_stairs.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.quartz_vibrant_glass.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.security_station.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_compass.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_block.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.*         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_slab.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_stairs.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_chest.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_slab.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.*   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_slab.*          # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_stairs.*        # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_stairs.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_block.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_chest.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Chest
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.*        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_slab.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_stairs.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.spatial_io_port.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.spatial_pylon.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.tiny_tnt.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tiny TNT
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.vibration_chamber.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.interact.appliedenergistics2.wireless_access_point.*               # (default: true) INTERACT ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.bell.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Desk Bell
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.case.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.clock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cookie Jar
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.desk.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dinner Plate
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Disc Rack
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.label.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Painting Press
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Printing Press
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.seat.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.table.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Typesetting Table
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ash_block.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ash Block
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.bamboo.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.bamboo_thatching.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bamboo Thatching
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.biome_block.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.blood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.blue_fire.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Fire
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.bramble_plant.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bramble
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.cherry_door_block.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.cherry_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.cherry_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.coral.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.coral.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.crystal.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.dirt.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.double_other_slab.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_other_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.double_plant.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_plant.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_0.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_1.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.double_wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.dried_sand.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Sand
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ebony_door_block.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT item.ebony_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ebony Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Ebony Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ebony_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ebony Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT item.ethereal_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ethereal_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door_block.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT item.eucalyptus_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_stairs.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.farmland_0.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.farmland_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.farmland_1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.farmland_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.fir_door_block.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT item.fir_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.fir_fence.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.fir_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.fir_stairs.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.flesh.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Flesh
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.flower_0.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.flower_1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.flower_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.gem_block.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gem_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.gem_ore.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.gem_ore.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.grass.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.grass_path.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.grass_path.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hard_ice.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Ice
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT item.hellbark_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Hellbark Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Hellbark Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hellbark_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hive.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.hive.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.honey.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.honey_block.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Honey Block
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.hot_spring_water.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.ivy.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ivy
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door_block.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT item.jacaranda_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Jacaranda Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Jacaranda Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_stairs.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_0.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_2.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_3.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_3.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_4.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_4.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_5.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_5.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.leaves_6.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.leaves_6.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.log_0.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.log_1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.log_2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log_2.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.log_3.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log_3.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.log_4.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.log_4.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.magic_door_block.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT item.magic_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.magic_fence.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.magic_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.magic_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT item.mahogany_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mahogany Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mahogany Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mahogany_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT item.mangrove_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mangrove_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mud.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.mud.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_stairs.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.mushroom.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.other_slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.other_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.palm_door_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.palm_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.palm_fence.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.palm_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.palm_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.pine_door_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT item.pine_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.pine_fence.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.pine_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.pine_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.planks_0.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.planks_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.plant_0.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plant_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.plant_1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.plant_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.poison.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.redwood_door_block.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT item.redwood_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.redwood_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door_block.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT item.sacred_oak_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sacred Oak Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence_gate.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sacred Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_stairs.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sand.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sapling_0.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sapling_1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling_1.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.sapling_2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.sapling_2.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.seaweed.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.seaweed.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.terrarium.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.terrarium.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.umbran_door_block.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.umbran_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Umbran Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Umbran Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.umbran_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Umbran Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.waterlily.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.white_sand.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT White Sand
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.white_sandstone.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone_stairs.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.willow_door_block.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT item.willow_door_block.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.willow_fence.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Fence
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.willow_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.willow_stairs.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.willow_vine.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Willow Vine
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_0.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.interact.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_1.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.antiblock.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Antiblock
fe.protection.interact.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Chisel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.basalt.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.basalt1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.basalt2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockbronze.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bronze
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockcopper.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Copper
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Electrum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockgold.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockinvar.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Invar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockiron.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocklead.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Lead
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocknickel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Nickel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Platinum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocksilver.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Silver
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocksteel.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Steel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blocktin.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockuranium.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Uranium
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bricks.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bricks1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bricks2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.brownstone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_black.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Black Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_green.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Green Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_red.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Red Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_white.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cloud.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_black.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Black Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_black1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Black Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_black2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Black Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_green.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Green Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_green1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Green Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_green2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Green Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_orange.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_purple.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_red.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Red Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_white.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_white1.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_white2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diamond.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dirt.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.emerald.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.chisel.endstone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Endstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.endstone1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Endstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.endstone2.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Endstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factory.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factory1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futura.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT White Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite1.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite2.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice.*                                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice1.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice2.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.icepillar.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron.*                                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ironpane.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.chisel.laboratory.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lapis.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marblepillar.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherbrick.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherrack.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paper.*                                            # (default: true) INTERACT Paper Wall
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-birch.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-oak.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.prismarine.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.chisel.prismarine1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.chisel.prismarine2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.quartz.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quartz
fe.protection.interact.chisel.quartz1.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quartz
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone1.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebrick.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical1.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technicalnew.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.temple.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.templemossy.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tyrian.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Tyrian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.valentines.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Valentines' Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone1.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone2.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_black.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Black Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_blue.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_brown.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_gray.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_green.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Green Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_lime.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_orange.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_pink.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_purple.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_red.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Red Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_white.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Wool
fe.protection.interact.conarm.armorforge.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Forge
fe.protection.interact.conarm.armorstation.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Armor Station
fe.protection.interact.conarm.soft_obsidian.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Unstable Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.entity                                                    # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.gravestone.gravestone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gravestone
fe.protection.interact.ichunutil.compact_porkchop.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Compact Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.interact.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.basicblock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.basicblock2.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.boundingblock.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Bounding Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.cardboardbox.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cardboard Box
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.energycube.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.gastank.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.glowpanel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Glow Panel
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.glowplasticblock.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.machineblock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.machineblock2.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.machineblock3.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.obsidiantnt.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.oreblock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.plasticblock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.plasticfence.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.reinforcedplasticblock.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.roadplasticblock.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Plastic Road
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.saltblock.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Salt Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.slickplasticblock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.interact.mekanism.transmitter.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Transmitter.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanismgenerators.generator.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanismgenerators.reactor.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.interact.mekanismgenerators.reactorglass.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Air
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.barrier.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Warding Aura
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.bed.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beetroots.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Beetroots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_door.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bone_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Bone Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Carpet
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chain Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chorus Flower
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Chorus Plant
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.concrete.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Plant
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_rod.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT End Rod
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Frosted Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass_path.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Path
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.magma.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Magma Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.observer.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Observer
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.prismarine.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quartz
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Flower
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Sapling
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sea Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.slime.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Slime Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_banner.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT White Banner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.structure_block.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Structure Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.structure_void.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Structure Void
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT White Banner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT White Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Flower
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.interact.oreberries.aluminum_oreberry_bush.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Aluminum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.oreberries.copper_oreberry_bush.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Copper Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.oreberries.essence_oreberry_bush.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Essence Berry Bush
fe.protection.interact.oreberries.gold_oreberry_bush.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.oreberries.iron_oreberry_bush.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.oreberries.tin_oreberry_bush.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tin Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.blood.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT fluid.blood.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.blueslime.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.casting.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.channel.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Casting Channel
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.faucet.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Faucet
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.firewood.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.glow.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Glow
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.metal.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.milk.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_alubrass.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_aluminum.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Ardite
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_brass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Brass
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Bronze
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Clay
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Copper
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_electrum.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Electrum
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Emerald
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Glass
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Gold
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Iron
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_lead.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Lead
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_nickel.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Nickel
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_silver.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Silver
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Steel
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Stone
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_tin.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Tin
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_zinc.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Zinc
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.ore.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.punji.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Punji Sticks
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.rack.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.soil.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Ladder
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Torch
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.toolforge.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Tool Forge
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.tooltables.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Rail
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.wooden_hopper.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Hopper
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.activator_rail.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Activator Rail
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.alembic.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Alembic
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.amber_block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Amber Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.amber_brick.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Amber Bricks
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.arcane_ear.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Ear
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.arcane_ear_toggle.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Ear (Toggle)
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Workbench
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench_charger.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Workbench Charger
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_black.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Black Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_blue.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_brown.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_crimson_cult.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Crimson Cult Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_cyan.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_gray.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_green.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Green Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_lightblue.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_lime.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_magenta.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_orange.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_pink.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_purple.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_red.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Red Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_silver.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_white.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT White Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.banner_yellow.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Banner
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.barrier.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Warding Aura
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.bellows.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.brain_box.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mnemonic Matrix
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_black.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Black Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_blue.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_brown.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_cyan.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_gray.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_green.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Green Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_lightblue.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_lime.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_magenta.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_orange.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_pink.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_purple.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_red.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Red Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_silver.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_white.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT White Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.candle_yellow.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Tallow Candle
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.centrifuge.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Centrifuge
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.cinderpearl.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cinderpearl
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.condenser.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Condenser
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice_dirty.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Clogged Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crucible.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Crucible
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_aer.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Air Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_aqua.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Water Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_ignis.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fire Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_ordo.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Order Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_perditio.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Entropy Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_terra.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Earth Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.crystal_vitium.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Crystal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.dioptra.*                                      # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumic Dioptra
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.effect_glimmer.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Glimmer
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.effect_sap.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sapping Field
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.effect_shock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Static Field
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.empty.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Empty Space
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.essentia_input.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Filling Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.essentia_output.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Emptying Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.everfull_urn.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Everfull Urn
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.flesh_block.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Flesh
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.flux_goo.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Flux Goo
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.golem_builder.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Press
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.grass_ambient.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ambient Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.hole.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Dimensional Tear
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.hungry_chest.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Hungry Chest
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.infernal_furnace.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.infusion_matrix.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Runic Matrix
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.inlay.*                                        # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.jar_brain.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Brain in a Jar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.jar_normal.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Warded Jar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.jar_void.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Void Jar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.lamp_arcane.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Lamp
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.lamp_fertility.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lamp of Fertility
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.lamp_growth.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lamp of Growth  
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.leaves_greatwood.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.leaves_silverwood.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.levitator.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.liquid_death.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Death
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.log_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Log
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.log_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Log
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_crate_common.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Common Crate
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_crate_rare.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Rare Crate
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_crate_uncommon.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Uncommon Crate
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_urn_common.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Common Urn
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_urn_rare.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rare Urn
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.loot_urn_uncommon.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Uncommon Urn
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.matrix_cost.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Infusion Cost Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.matrix_speed.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Infusion Speed Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical_advanced.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Advanced Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.metal_brass.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Brass Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.metal_thaumium.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.metal_void.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Void Metal Block
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.mirror.*                                       # (default: true) INTERACT Magic Mirror
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.mirror_essentia.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Mirror
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_black.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Black Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_blue.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_brown.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_gray.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_green.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Green Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_lightblue.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_lime.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_magenta.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_orange.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_pink.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_purple.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_red.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_silver.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_white.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT White Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.nitor_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Nitor
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.ore_amber.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Amber Bearing Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.ore_cinnabar.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnabar Ore
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.ore_quartz.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pattern_crafter.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Pattern Crafter
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.paving_stone_barrier.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Barrier Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.paving_stone_travel.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Paving Stone of Travel
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pedestal_ancient.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pedestal_arcane.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pedestal_eldritch.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pillar_ancient.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pillar_arcane.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.pillar_eldritch.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_anvil.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Press
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_bars.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Press
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_brick.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_cauldron.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Press
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_obsidian.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.placeholder_table.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Golem Press
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.plank_greatwood.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Planks
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.plank_silverwood.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Planks
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.potion_sprayer.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Potion Sprayer
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.purifying_fluid.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.recharge_pedestal.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.redstone_relay.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Relay
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.research_table.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Research Table
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.sapling_greatwood.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Sapling
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.sapling_silverwood.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Sapling
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.shimmerleaf.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_ancient.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_brick.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Brick Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_stone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_ancient.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_ancient.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_brick.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_arcane_brick.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_stone.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_arcane_stone.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_eldritch.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_eldritch.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_greatwood.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_greatwood.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_double_silverwood.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.slab_double_silverwood.name
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_eldritch.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_greatwood.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.slab_silverwood.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Slab
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.smelter_aux.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Auxiliary Slurry Pump
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.smelter_basic.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.smelter_thaumium.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumium Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.smelter_vent.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Auxiliary Venting Port
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.smelter_void.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Void Metal Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.spa.*                                          # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Spa
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stabilizer.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stabilizer
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stairs_ancient.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane_brick.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stairs_greatwood.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stairs_silverwood.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_ancient.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_doorway.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_glyphed.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Glyphed Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_rock.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Rock
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_tile.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Ancient Stone Tile
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_arcane.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_arcane_brick.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Arcane Stone Brick
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_eldritch_tile.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Eldritch Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.stone_porous.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Porous Stone
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.table_stone.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Table
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.table_wood.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Table
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_crust.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Crusted Taint
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_feature.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Swollen Taint
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_fibre.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Fibrous Taint
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_geyser.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Taint Geyser
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_log.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Taintwood Log
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_rock.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Rock
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.taint_soil.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tainted Soil
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.thaumatorium.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumatorium
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.thaumatorium_top.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Thaumatorium
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube.*                                         # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Tube
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube_buffer.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Buffer
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube_filter.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Filtered Essentia Tube
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube_oneway.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Directional Essentia Tube
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube_restrict.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Restricted Essentia Tube
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.tube_valve.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Essentia Valve
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.vis_battery.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Battery
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.vis_generator.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vis Generator
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.vishroom.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT Vishroom
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.void_siphon.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Void Siphon
fe.protection.interact.thaumcraft.wand_workbench.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Focal Manipulator
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.aurora_block.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Block
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.aurora_pillar.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.aurora_slab.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Aurora Slab
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.auroralized_glass.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Auroralized Glass
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.block_storage.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.BlockOfStorage.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.boss_spawner.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.BossSpawner.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.burnt_thorns.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_brick.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_door.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_door_vanished.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_pillar.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastlePillar.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_rune_brick.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_stairs.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleStairs.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_stairs_brick.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_stairs_cracked.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsCracked.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_stairs_mossy.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_stairs_worn.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsWorn.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.castle_unlock.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CastleUnlock.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.cicada.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cicada
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.cinder_furnace.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.cinder_furnace_lit.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.cinder_log.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.dark_leaves.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.deadrock.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Deadrock.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.double_aurora_slab.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.etched_nagastone.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_mossy.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_weathered.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Ruined Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.experiment115.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.fiery_essence.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.fiery_essence.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.fire_jet.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.FireJet.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.firefly.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.firefly_jar.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Firefly Jar
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.fluffy_cloud.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.force_field.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.ForceField.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.giant_cobblestone.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.giant_leaves.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Leaves
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.giant_log.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Log
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.giant_obsidian.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.hedge.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Hedge.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.huge_lilypad.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.huge_mushgloom.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.huge_stalk.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Stalk
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.huge_waterlily.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.knightmetal_block.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.lapis_block.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block Of Lapis [NYI]
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.magic_leaves.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.MagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.magic_log.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.MagicLog.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.magic_log_core.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.MagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.maze_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Mazestone.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.miniature_structure.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.MiniatureStructure.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.molten_fierymetal.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.fierymetal.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.molten_knightmetal.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.knightmetal.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.moonworm.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Moonworm
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.naga_stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Nagastone.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_mossy.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_weathered.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Ruined Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairs.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_mossy.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_weathered.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsWeathered.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.root.*                                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Roots.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.slider.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Slider.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.spiral_bricks.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Spiral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.stronghold_shield.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Shield.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.thorn_rose.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Thorn Rose
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.thorns.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Thorns.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.tower_device.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.TowerDevice.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.tower_translucent.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.TowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.tower_wood.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.TowerStone.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trollber.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Trollber
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trollsteinn.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Trollsteinn
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trollvidr.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Trollvidr
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trophy.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.trophy_pedestal.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.TrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_leaves.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_leaves_3.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Leaves3.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_log.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Log.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_plant.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.Plant.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_portal.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.twilight_sapling.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Twilight Sapling
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.uberous_soil.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Uberous Soil
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.uncrafting_table.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.underbrick.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.twilightforest.UnderBrick.name
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.unripe_trollber.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.interact.twilightforest.wispy_cloud.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.place.*                                                            # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.cable_bus.*                              # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.cell_workbench.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.charged_quartz_ore.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.charger.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.chest.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_block.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.*            # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_slab.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_stairs.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.condenser.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.controller.*                             # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_accelerator.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Co-Processing Unit
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_monitor.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_16k.*                   # (default: true) PLACE 16k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_1k.*                    # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_4k.*                    # (default: true) PLACE 4k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_64k.*                   # (default: true) PLACE 64k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crafting_unit.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.crank.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.creative_energy_cell.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.dense_energy_cell.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.drive.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.energy_acceptor.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.energy_cell.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.fluid_interface.*                        # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Interface
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.fluix_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.fluix_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.fluix_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.grindstone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.inscriber.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.interface.*                              # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.io_port.*                                # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.light_detector.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.matrix_frame.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.molecular_assembler.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.paint.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.paint.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quantum_link.*                           # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quantum_ring.*                           # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_fixture.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_glass.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_growth_accelerator.*              # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_ore.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_slab.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_stairs.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_slab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.quartz_vibrant_glass.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.security_station.*                       # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_compass.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.*            # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_slab.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_stairs.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_chest.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_slab.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.*      # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_slab.*             # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_stairs.*           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_block.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_chest.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Chest
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.*           # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_slab.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_stairs.*                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.spatial_io_port.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.spatial_pylon.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.tiny_tnt.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.vibration_chamber.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.place.appliedenergistics2.wireless_access_point.*                  # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.bell.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.case.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.clock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.desk.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dinner Plate
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Disc Rack
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.label.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.seat.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.table.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ash_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.bamboo.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.bamboo_thatching.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Thatching
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.biome_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.blood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.blue_fire.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Fire
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.bramble_plant.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Bramble
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.cherry_door_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE item.cherry_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.cherry_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.coral.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.crystal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.dirt.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.double_other_slab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_other_slab.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.double_plant.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_plant.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_0.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.dried_sand.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dried Sand
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ebony_door_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE item.ebony_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ebony_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE item.ethereal_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ethereal_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE item.eucalyptus_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.farmland_0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.farmland_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.farmland_1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.farmland_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.fir_door_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE item.fir_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.fir_fence.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Fir Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.fir_fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.fir_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.flesh.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flesh
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.flower_0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.flower_1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.gem_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.gem_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.gem_ore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.gem_ore.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.grass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.grass_path.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.grass_path.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hard_ice.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE item.hellbark_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hellbark_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hive.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.honey.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.honey_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.hot_spring_water.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.ivy.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Ivy
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE item.jacaranda_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_2.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_3.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_3.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_4.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_4.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_5.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_5.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.leaves_6.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_6.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.log_0.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.log_1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.log_2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_2.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.log_3.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_3.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.log_4.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_4.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.magic_door_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE item.magic_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.magic_fence.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magic Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.magic_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Magic Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.magic_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE item.mahogany_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mahogany_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE item.mangrove_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mangrove_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mud.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.mushroom.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.other_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.other_slab.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.palm_door_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE item.palm_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.palm_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Palm Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.palm_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Palm Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.palm_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.pine_door_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE item.pine_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.pine_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pine Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.pine_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Pine Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.pine_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.planks_0.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.plant_0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.plant_1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.poison.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.redwood_door_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE item.redwood_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.redwood_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE item.sacred_oak_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sand.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sapling_0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sapling_1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_1.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.sapling_2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_2.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.seaweed.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.seaweed.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.terrarium.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.terrarium.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.umbran_door_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE item.umbran_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.umbran_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.waterlily.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.white_sand.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Sand
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.white_sandstone.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.willow_door_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE item.willow_door_block.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.willow_fence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.willow_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.willow_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.willow_vine.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Willow Vine
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_0.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.place.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.antiblock.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Antiblock
fe.protection.place.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.place.chisel.basalt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.basalt1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.basalt2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockbronze.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockcopper.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Electrum
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockgold.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockinvar.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Invar
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockiron.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocklead.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocknickel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Nickel
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Platinum
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocksilver.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocksteel.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.place.chisel.blocktin.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockuranium.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bricks.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bricks1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bricks2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.brownstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_black.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_green.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_red.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_white.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.cloud.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_black.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_black1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_black2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_green.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_green1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_green2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_orange.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_purple.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_red.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_white.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_white1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_white2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.diamond.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.dirt.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.chisel.emerald.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.chisel.endstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.endstone1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.endstone2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.factory.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.factory1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futura.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite1.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite2.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice.*                                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice1.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice2.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.icepillar.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron.*                                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.ironpane.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.chisel.laboratory.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lapis.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marblepillar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherbrick.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Nether Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherrack.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.chisel.paper.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Paper Wall
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-birch.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Birch Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-oak.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oak Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.prismarine.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.chisel.prismarine1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.chisel.prismarine2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.quartz.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.place.chisel.quartz1.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebrick.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technicalnew.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.temple.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.templemossy.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.tyrian.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.place.chisel.valentines.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Valentines' Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_black.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_blue.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_brown.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_gray.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_green.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_lime.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_orange.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_pink.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_purple.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_red.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_white.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.place.conarm.armorforge.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Armor Forge
fe.protection.place.conarm.armorstation.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Armor Station
fe.protection.place.conarm.soft_obsidian.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Unstable Obsidian
fe.protection.place.gravestone.gravestone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gravestone
fe.protection.place.ichunutil.compact_porkchop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Compact Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.place.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.basicblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.basicblock2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.boundingblock.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.cardboardbox.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.place.mekanism.energycube.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.gastank.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.glowpanel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glow Panel
fe.protection.place.mekanism.glowplasticblock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.machineblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.machineblock2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.machineblock3.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.obsidiantnt.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.place.mekanism.oreblock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.place.mekanism.plasticblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.plasticfence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.place.mekanism.reinforcedplasticblock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.roadplasticblock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Road
fe.protection.place.mekanism.saltblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.slickplasticblock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.place.mekanism.transmitter.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.Transmitter.name
fe.protection.place.mekanismgenerators.generator.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.place.mekanismgenerators.reactor.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.place.mekanismgenerators.reactorglass.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Activator Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Air
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.barrier.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Warding Aura
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.bed.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beetroots.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Beetroots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_door.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bone_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Bone Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Chain Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Flower
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Plant
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.concrete.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Detector Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Plant
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_rod.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE End Rod
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Frosted Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Powered Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass_path.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Grass Path
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.magma.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Magma Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.observer.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Observer
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.place.minecraft.prismarine.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oak Sapling
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sea Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.slime.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Slime Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_banner.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.structure_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Structure Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.structure_void.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Structure Void
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) PLACE White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) PLACE White Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Oak Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.place.oreberries.aluminum_oreberry_bush.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Aluminum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.oreberries.copper_oreberry_bush.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Copper Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.oreberries.essence_oreberry_bush.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Essence Berry Bush
fe.protection.place.oreberries.gold_oreberry_bush.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Gold Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.oreberries.iron_oreberry_bush.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Iron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.oreberries.tin_oreberry_bush.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Tin Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.blood.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE fluid.blood.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.blueslime.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*                # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.casting.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.channel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.faucet.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Faucet
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.firewood.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.glow.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Glow
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.metal.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.milk.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_alubrass.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_aluminum.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_brass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Brass
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Clay
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_electrum.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Emerald
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_lead.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_nickel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_silver.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_tin.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Molten Tin
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_zinc.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.ore.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.punji.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Punji Sticks
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.rack.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.soil.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Ladder
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.toolforge.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.tooltables.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.wooden_hopper.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Hopper
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.activator_rail.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Activator Rail
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.alembic.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Alembic
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.amber_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Amber Block
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.amber_brick.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Amber Bricks
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.arcane_ear.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Ear
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.arcane_ear_toggle.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Ear (Toggle)
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Workbench
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench_charger.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Workbench Charger
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_black.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Black Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_blue.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_brown.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brown Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_crimson_cult.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Crimson Cult Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_gray.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gray Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_green.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_lightblue.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_lime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lime Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_orange.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Orange Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_pink.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pink Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_purple.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_red.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_silver.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_white.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.banner_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Banner
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.barrier.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Warding Aura
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.bellows.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.brain_box.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mnemonic Matrix
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_black.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Black Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_blue.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_brown.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brown Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_gray.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_green.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_lightblue.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_lime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lime Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_orange.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Orange Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_pink.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pink Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_purple.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_red.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_silver.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_white.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.candle_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Tallow Candle
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.centrifuge.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Centrifuge
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.cinderpearl.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.condenser.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Flux Condenser
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice_dirty.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Clogged Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crucible.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Crucible
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_aer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Air Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_aqua.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Water Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_ignis.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fire Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_ordo.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Order Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_perditio.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Entropy Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_terra.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Earth Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.crystal_vitium.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Flux Crystal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.dioptra.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Dioptra
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.effect_glimmer.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glimmer
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.effect_sap.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sapping Field
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.effect_shock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Static Field
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.empty.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.essentia_input.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Filling Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.essentia_output.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Emptying Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.everfull_urn.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.flesh_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Flesh
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.flux_goo.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.golem_builder.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.grass_ambient.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ambient Grass Block
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.hole.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Tear
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.hungry_chest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.infernal_furnace.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.infusion_matrix.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Runic Matrix
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.inlay.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.jar_brain.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Brain in a Jar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.jar_normal.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Warded Jar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.jar_void.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Void Jar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.lamp_arcane.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Lamp
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.lamp_fertility.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lamp of Fertility
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.lamp_growth.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lamp of Growth  
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.leaves_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.leaves_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.levitator.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.liquid_death.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.log_greatwood.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Log
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.log_silverwood.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Log
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_crate_common.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Common Crate
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_crate_rare.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rare Crate
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_crate_uncommon.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Uncommon Crate
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_urn_common.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Common Urn
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_urn_rare.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rare Urn
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.loot_urn_uncommon.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Uncommon Urn
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.matrix_cost.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Cost Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.matrix_speed.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Speed Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical_advanced.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.metal_brass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brass Block
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.metal_thaumium.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.metal_void.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Void Metal Block
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.mirror.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.mirror_essentia.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Mirror
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_black.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Black Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_blue.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Blue Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_brown.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brown Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_cyan.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_gray.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Gray Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_green.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Green Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_lightblue.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_lime.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lime Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_magenta.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_orange.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Orange Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_pink.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Pink Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_purple.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purple Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_red.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_silver.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_white.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE White Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.nitor_yellow.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Nitor
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.ore_amber.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Amber Bearing Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.ore_cinnabar.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cinnabar Ore
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.ore_quartz.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pattern_crafter.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pattern Crafter
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.paving_stone_barrier.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Barrier Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.paving_stone_travel.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Paving Stone of Travel
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pedestal_ancient.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Pedestal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pedestal_arcane.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pedestal_eldritch.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Pedestal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pillar_ancient.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pillar_arcane.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.pillar_eldritch.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_anvil.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_bars.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_brick.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_cauldron.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_obsidian.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.placeholder_table.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.plank_greatwood.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Planks
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.plank_silverwood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Planks
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.potion_sprayer.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Potion Sprayer
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.purifying_fluid.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.recharge_pedestal.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.redstone_relay.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Relay
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.research_table.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Research Table
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.sapling_greatwood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Sapling
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.sapling_silverwood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Sapling
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.shimmerleaf.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_ancient.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_brick.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Brick Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_stone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_ancient.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_ancient.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_brick.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_arcane_brick.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_stone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_arcane_stone.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_eldritch.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_eldritch.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_greatwood.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_greatwood.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_double_silverwood.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_silverwood.name
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_eldritch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_greatwood.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.slab_silverwood.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Slab
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.smelter_aux.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Auxiliary Slurry Pump
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.smelter_basic.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.smelter_thaumium.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.smelter_vent.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Auxiliary Venting Port
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.smelter_void.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Void Metal Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.spa.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Spa
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stabilizer.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Stabilizer
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stairs_ancient.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane_brick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stairs_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stairs_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_ancient.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_doorway.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_glyphed.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Glyphed Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_rock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Rock
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_tile.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Tile
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_arcane.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_arcane_brick.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Brick
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_eldritch_tile.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.stone_porous.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Porous Stone
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.table_stone.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Table
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.table_wood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wood Table
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_crust.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Crusted Taint
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_feature.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Swollen Taint
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_fibre.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Fibrous Taint
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_geyser.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Taint Geyser
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_log.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Taintwood Log
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_rock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Rock
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.taint_soil.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.thaumatorium.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.thaumatorium_top.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Tube
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube_buffer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Buffer
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube_filter.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Essentia Tube
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube_oneway.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Directional Essentia Tube
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube_restrict.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Restricted Essentia Tube
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.tube_valve.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Valve
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.vis_battery.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Vis Battery
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.vis_generator.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vis Generator
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.vishroom.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Vishroom
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.void_siphon.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Void Siphon
fe.protection.place.thaumcraft.wand_workbench.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Focal Manipulator
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.aurora_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Block
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.aurora_pillar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.aurora_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.auroralized_glass.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Auroralized Glass
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.block_storage.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.BlockOfStorage.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.boss_spawner.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.BossSpawner.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.burnt_thorns.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_brick.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_door.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_door_vanished.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_pillar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastlePillar.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_rune_brick.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairs.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_stairs_brick.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsBrick.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_stairs_cracked.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsCracked.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_stairs_mossy.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_stairs_worn.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsWorn.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.castle_unlock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleUnlock.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.cicada.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cicada
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.cinder_furnace.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.cinder_furnace_lit.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.cinder_log.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.dark_leaves.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.deadrock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Deadrock.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.double_aurora_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.etched_nagastone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_mossy.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_weathered.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Ruined Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.experiment115.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.fiery_essence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.fiery_essence.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.fire_jet.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.FireJet.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.firefly.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Firefly
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.firefly_jar.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.fluffy_cloud.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.force_field.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.ForceField.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.giant_cobblestone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.giant_leaves.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.giant_log.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Giant Log
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.giant_obsidian.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.hedge.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Hedge.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.huge_lilypad.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.huge_mushgloom.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.huge_stalk.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.huge_waterlily.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.knightmetal_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.lapis_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block Of Lapis [NYI]
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.magic_leaves.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.magic_log.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLog.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.magic_log_core.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.maze_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Mazestone.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.miniature_structure.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MiniatureStructure.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.molten_fierymetal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.fierymetal.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.molten_knightmetal.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.knightmetal.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.moonworm.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Moonworm
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.naga_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Nagastone.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_mossy.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_weathered.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Ruined Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairs.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_mossy.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_weathered.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsWeathered.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.root.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Roots.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.slider.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Slider.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.spiral_bricks.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Spiral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.stronghold_shield.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Shield.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.thorn_rose.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.thorns.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Thorns.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.tower_device.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerDevice.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.tower_translucent.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.tower_wood.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerStone.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trollber.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Trollber
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trollsteinn.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trollvidr.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Trollvidr
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trophy.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.trophy_pedestal.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_leaves.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Leaves.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_leaves_3.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Leaves3.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_log.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Log.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_plant.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Plant.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_portal.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.twilight_sapling.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Sapling
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.uberous_soil.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.uncrafting_table.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.underbrick.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.UnderBrick.name
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.unripe_trollber.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.place.twilightforest.wispy_cloud.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cloud
fe.protection.trample.*                                                          # (default: true) Allow trampling on blocks
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.cable_bus.*                            # (default: true) PLACE AE2 Cable and/or Bus
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.cell_workbench.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Cell Workbench
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.charged_quartz_ore.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Charged Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.charger.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Charger
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.chest.*                                # (default: true) PLACE ME Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_block.*                # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.*          # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_slab.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.chiseled_quartz_stairs.*               # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.condenser.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Matter Condenser
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.controller.*                           # (default: true) PLACE ME Controller
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_accelerator.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Co-Processing Unit
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_monitor.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Monitor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_16k.*                 # (default: true) PLACE 16k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_1k.*                  # (default: true) PLACE 1k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_4k.*                  # (default: true) PLACE 4k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_storage_64k.*                 # (default: true) PLACE 64k Crafting Storage
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crafting_unit.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Unit
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.crank.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Crank
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.creative_energy_cell.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Creative Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.dense_energy_cell.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Dense Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.drive.*                                # (default: true) PLACE ME Drive
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.energy_acceptor.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Energy Acceptor
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.energy_cell.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Energy Cell
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.fluid_interface.*                      # (default: true) PLACE ME Fluid Interface
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.fluix_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.fluix_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.fluix_slab.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.fluix_stairs.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Fluix Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.grindstone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Grindstone
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.inscriber.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Inscriber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.interface.*                            # (default: true) PLACE ME Interface
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.io_port.*                              # (default: true) PLACE ME IO Port
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.light_detector.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Detecting Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.matrix_frame.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Matrix Frame
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.molecular_assembler.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Molecular Assembler
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.paint.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.paint.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quantum_link.*                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Link Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quantum_ring.*                         # (default: true) PLACE ME Quantum Ring
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_fixture.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Charged Quartz Fixture
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_glass.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_growth_accelerator.*            # (default: true) PLACE Crystal Growth Accelerator
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_ore.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.*            # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_slab.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_pillar_stairs.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Pillar Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_stairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Certus Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.quartz_vibrant_glass.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Vibrant Quartz Glass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.security_station.*                     # (default: true) PLACE ME Security Terminal
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_compass.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Meteorite Compass
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_block.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.*          # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_slab.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_brick_stairs.*               # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_chest.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_slab.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick.*                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.*    # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_slab.*           # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_small_brick_stairs.*         # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Small Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.sky_stone_stairs.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_block.*               # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_chest.*               # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Chest
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.*         # (default: true) PLACE tile.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_double_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_slab.*                # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Slabs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.smooth_sky_stone_stairs.*              # (default: true) PLACE Sky Stone Block Stairs
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.spatial_io_port.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Spatial IO Port
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.spatial_pylon.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Spatial Pylon
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.tiny_tnt.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tiny TNT
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.vibration_chamber.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Vibration Chamber
fe.protection.trample.appliedenergistics2.wireless_access_point.*                # (default: true) PLACE ME Wireless Access Point
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.armorstand.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.bell.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Desk Bell
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.bookcase.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.bookcasecreative.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.case.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.clipboard.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clipboard.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.clock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Clock.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.cookiejar.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cookie Jar
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.desk.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.dinnerplate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dinner Plate
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.discrack.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Disc Rack
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.fancysign.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.fancyworkbench.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.framedchest.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.furniturepaneler.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.label.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lampgold.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampGold.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lampiron.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LampIron.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lanterngold.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternGold.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.lanterniron.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:LanternIron.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.mapframe.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.markerpole.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MarkerPole.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframeborderless.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameBorderless.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframefancy.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFancy.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframeflat.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameFlat.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframemiddle.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameMiddle.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingframesimple.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PaintingFrameSimple.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.paintingpress.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Painting Press
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.potionshelf.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.printingpress.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Printing Press
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.seat.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.shelf.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.swordpedestal.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.table.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.toolrack.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.typesettingtable.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Typesetting Table
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.typewriter.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Typewriter.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ash_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ash Block
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.bamboo.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.bamboo_thatching.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Bamboo Thatching
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.biome_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Biome Essence Ore
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.blood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.blue_fire.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Blue Fire
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.bramble_plant.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Bramble
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.cherry_door_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE item.cherry_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.cherry_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.cherry_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.coral.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.coral.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.crystal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Celestial Crystal
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.dirt.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.double_other_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_other_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.double_plant.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_plant.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_0.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.double_wood_slab_1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.double_wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.dried_sand.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dried Sand
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ebony_door_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE item.ebony_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ebony_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ebony_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ebony Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ethereal_door_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE item.ethereal_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ethereal_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ethereal_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Ethereal Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_door_block.*                      # (default: true) PLACE item.eucalyptus_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.eucalyptus_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Eucalyptus Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.farmland_0.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.farmland_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.farmland_1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.farmland_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.fir_door_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE item.fir_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.fir_fence.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Fir Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.fir_fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Fir Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.fir_stairs.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fir Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.flesh.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flesh
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.flower_0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.flower_1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.flower_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.gem_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.gem_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.gem_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.gem_ore.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.grass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.grass_path.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.grass_path.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hard_ice.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Ice
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hellbark_door_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE item.hellbark_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hellbark_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hellbark_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Hellbark Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hive.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.hive.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.honey.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.honey_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.hot_spring_water.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.ivy.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Ivy
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_door_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE item.jacaranda_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.jacaranda_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Jacaranda Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_2.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_3.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_3.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_4.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_4.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_5.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_5.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.leaves_6.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.leaves_6.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.log_0.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.log_1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.log_2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_2.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.log_3.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_3.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.log_4.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.log_4.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.magic_door_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE item.magic_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.magic_fence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Magic Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.magic_fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Magic Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.magic_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Magic Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mahogany_door_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE item.mahogany_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mahogany_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mahogany_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Mahogany Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mangrove_door_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE item.mangrove_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mangrove_fence_gate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mangrove_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Mangrove Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mud.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.mud.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mud_brick_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.mushroom.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.other_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.other_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.palm_door_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE item.palm_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.palm_fence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Palm Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.palm_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Palm Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.palm_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Palm Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.pine_door_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE item.pine_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.pine_fence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pine Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.pine_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Pine Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.pine_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pine Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.planks_0.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.planks_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.plant_0.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.plant_1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.plant_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.poison.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.redwood_door_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE item.redwood_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.redwood_fence_gate.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.redwood_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redwood Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_door_block.*                      # (default: true) PLACE item.sacred_oak_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sacred_oak_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sacred Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sand.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sapling_0.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sapling_1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_1.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.sapling_2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.sapling_2.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.seaweed.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.seaweed.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.terrarium.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.terrarium.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.umbran_door_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE item.umbran_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.umbran_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.umbran_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Umbran Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.waterlily.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.white_sand.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE White Sand
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.white_sandstone.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.white_sandstone_stairs.*                     # (default: true) PLACE White Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.willow_door_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE item.willow_door_block.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.willow_fence.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.willow_fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Willow Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.willow_stairs.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Willow Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.willow_vine.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Willow Vine
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_0.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.wood_slab_0.name
fe.protection.trample.biomesoplenty.wood_slab_1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.wood_slab_1.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.antiblock.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Antiblock
fe.protection.trample.chisel.auto_chisel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.basalt.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.basalt1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.basalt2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_charcoal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockaluminum.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockbronze.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockcobalt.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockcopper.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockelectrum.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Electrum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockgold.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockinvar.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Invar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockiron.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocklead.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocknickel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Nickel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockplatinum.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Platinum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocksilver.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocksteel.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blocktin.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockuranium.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bricks.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bricks1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bricks2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.brownstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_black.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_blue.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_brown.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_gray.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_green.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_lime.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_orange.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_pink.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_purple.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_red.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_white.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cloud.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_black.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_black1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_black2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_blue.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_brown.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_gray.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_green.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_green1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_green2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_orange.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_pink.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_purple.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_red.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_red1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_red2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_white.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_white1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_white2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diamond.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.dirt.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.emerald.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.chisel.endstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.endstone1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.endstone2.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.energizedvoidstone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factory.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factory1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.futura.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedred.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.gold.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite1.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite2.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hardenedclay.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hardenedclay2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice.*                                               # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice1.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice2.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.icepillar.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron.*                                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ironpane.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.chisel.laboratory.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lapis.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marblepillar.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.netherbrick.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Nether Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.netherrack.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.chisel.obsidian.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.paper.*                                             # (default: true) PLACE Paper Wall
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-acacia.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-birch.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Birch Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-jungle.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-oak.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oak Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-spruce.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.prismarine.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.chisel.prismarine1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.chisel.prismarine2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.quartz.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.trample.chisel.quartz1.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.trample.chisel.redstone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.redstone1.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered1.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneyellow2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebrick.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebrick1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebrick2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical1.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technicalnew.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.temple.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.templemossy.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tyrian.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.valentines.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Valentines' Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstone.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstonerunic.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone1.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone2.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_black.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_blue.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_brown.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_gray.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_green.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_lime.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_magenta.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_orange.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_pink.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_purple.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_red.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_white.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_yellow.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.trample.conarm.armorforge.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Armor Forge
fe.protection.trample.conarm.armorstation.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Armor Station
fe.protection.trample.conarm.soft_obsidian.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Unstable Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.gravestone.gravestone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gravestone
fe.protection.trample.ichunutil.compact_porkchop.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Compact Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_chest.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronChest.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_black.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblack.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_blue.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxblue.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_brown.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxbrown.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_cyan.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxcyan.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_gray.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgray.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_green.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxgreen.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_light_blue.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlight_blue.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_lime.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxlime.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_magenta.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxmagenta.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_orange.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxorange.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_pink.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpink.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_purple.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxpurple.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_red.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxred.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_silver.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxsilver.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_white.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxwhite.name
fe.protection.trample.ironchest.iron_shulker_box_yellow.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.IronShulkerBoxyellow.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.basicblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.basicblock2.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BasicBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.boundingblock.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bounding Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.cardboardbox.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cardboard Box
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.energycube.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.EnergyCube.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.gastank.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.GasTank.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.glowpanel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Glow Panel
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.glowplasticblock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Glow Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.machineblock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.machineblock2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock2.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.machineblock3.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.MachineBlock3.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.obsidiantnt.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian TNT
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.oreblock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.OreBlock.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.plasticblock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.plasticfence.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Barrier
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.reinforcedplasticblock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Reinforced Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.roadplasticblock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Plastic Road
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.saltblock.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Salt Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.slickplasticblock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Slick Plastic Block
fe.protection.trample.mekanism.transmitter.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.Transmitter.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanismgenerators.generator.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.Generator.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanismgenerators.reactor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.Reactor.name
fe.protection.trample.mekanismgenerators.reactorglass.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.ReactorGlass.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_door.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.activator_rail.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Activator Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.air.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Air
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.anvil.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.barrier.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Warding Aura
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beacon.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bed.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.bed.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bedrock.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beetroots.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Beetroots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_door.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_fence.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.black_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Black Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.black_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Black Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.blue_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.blue_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bone_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Bone Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bookshelf.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Brown Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Brown Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cactus.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cake.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carpet.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carrots.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cauldron.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Chain Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chest.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Flower
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Plant
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.clay.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cocoa.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.command_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.concrete.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.concrete.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.concrete_powder.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.concretePowder.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.crafting_table.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cyan_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cyan_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.deadbush.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.detector_rail.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Detector Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dirt.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dispenser.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_plant.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Plant
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dropper.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_block.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_bricks.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_gateway.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                               # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_rod.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE End Rod
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_stone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ender_chest.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.farmland.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence_gate.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fire.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flower_pot.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flower Pot
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_water.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Frosted Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.furnace.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass_pane.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glowstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.golden_rail.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Powered Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass_path.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Grass Path
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gravel.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gray_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gray_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.green_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Green Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.green_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Green Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hay_block.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hopper.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ice.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_bars.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_block.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_door.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_ore.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jukebox.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_door.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ladder.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lava.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves2.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lever.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_blue_glazed_terracotta.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_blue_shulker_box.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lime_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Lime Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lime_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lime Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log2.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.magenta_glazed_terracotta.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.magenta_shulker_box.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.magma.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Magma Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_block.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_stem.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.monster_egg.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mycelium.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.netherrack.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.noteblock.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.observer.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Observer
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.obsidian.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.orange_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Orange Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.orange_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Orange Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.packed_ice.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pink_glazed_terracotta.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Pink Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pink_shulker_box.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Pink Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_extension.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_head.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.planks.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.portal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.potatoes.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.prismarine.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purple_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Purple Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purple_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Purple Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.rail.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_flower.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_glazed_terracotta.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_shulker_box.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_block.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.reeds.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sand.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sapling.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Oak Sapling
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sea Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.silver_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.silver_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.skull.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.slime.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Slime Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow_layer.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.soul_sand.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sponge.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_door.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Stained Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_banner.*                                # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_sign.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_button.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stonebrick.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.structure_block.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Structure Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.structure_void.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Structure Void
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tallgrass.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tnt.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.torch.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapdoor.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.vine.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_banner.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_sign.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.water.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.waterlily.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.web.*                                            # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wheat.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.white_glazed_terracotta.*                        # (default: true) PLACE White Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.white_shulker_box.*                              # (default: true) PLACE White Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_button.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_door.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Oak Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wool.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_glazed_terracotta.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Glazed Terracotta
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_shulker_box.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Shulker Box
fe.protection.trample.oreberries.aluminum_oreberry_bush.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Aluminum Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.oreberries.copper_oreberry_bush.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Copper Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.oreberries.essence_oreberry_bush.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Essence Berry Bush
fe.protection.trample.oreberries.gold_oreberry_bush.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Gold Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.oreberries.iron_oreberry_bush.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.oreberries.tin_oreberry_bush.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tin Oreberry Bush
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.blood.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE fluid.blood.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.blueslime.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*               # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*                # (default: true) PLACE Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*              # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.casting.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.channel.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Casting Channel
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.faucet.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Faucet
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.firewood.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.glow.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Glow
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.metal.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.milk.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_alubrass.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum Brass
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_aluminum.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_brass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Brass
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Clay
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_electrum.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Electrum
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Emerald
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_lead.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Lead
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_nickel.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Nickel
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_silver.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Molten Silver
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_tin.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Tin
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_zinc.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Molten Zinc
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.ore.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.punji.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Punji Sticks
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.rack.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.soil.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stone Ladder
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.toolforge.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.tooltables.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.wooden_hopper.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Hopper
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.activator_rail.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Activator Rail
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.alembic.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Alembic
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.amber_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Amber Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.amber_brick.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Amber Bricks
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.arcane_ear.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Ear
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.arcane_ear_toggle.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Ear (Toggle)
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Workbench
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.arcane_workbench_charger.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Workbench Charger
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_black.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_blue.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blue Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_brown.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brown Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_crimson_cult.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Crimson Cult Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_gray.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gray Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_green.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Green Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_lightblue.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_lime.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lime Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_magenta.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_orange.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_pink.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_purple.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purple Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_red.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_silver.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_white.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.banner_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Banner
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.barrier.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Warding Aura
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.bellows.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Bellows
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.brain_box.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Mnemonic Matrix
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_black.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Black Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_blue.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_brown.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Brown Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_cyan.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_gray.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_green.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Green Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_lightblue.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_lime.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lime Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_magenta.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_orange.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Orange Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_pink.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Pink Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_purple.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purple Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_red.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Red Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_silver.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_white.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE White Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.candle_yellow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Tallow Candle
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.centrifuge.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Centrifuge
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.cinderpearl.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cinderpearl
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.condenser.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Flux Condenser
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.condenser_lattice_dirty.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Clogged Flux Condenser Lattice
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crucible.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Crucible
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_aer.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Air Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_aqua.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Water Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_ignis.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fire Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_ordo.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Order Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_perditio.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Entropy Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_terra.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Earth Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.crystal_vitium.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Flux Crystal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.dioptra.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Thaumic Dioptra
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.effect_glimmer.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Glimmer
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.effect_sap.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Sapping Field
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.effect_shock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Static Field
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.empty.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Empty Space
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.essentia_input.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Filling Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.essentia_output.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Emptying Essentia Transfuser
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.everfull_urn.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Everfull Urn
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.flesh_block.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Flesh
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.flux_goo.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Flux Goo
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.golem_builder.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.grass_ambient.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ambient Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.hole.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Dimensional Tear
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.hungry_chest.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Hungry Chest
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.infernal_furnace.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.infusion_matrix.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Runic Matrix
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.inlay.*                                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Inlay
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.jar_brain.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Brain in a Jar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.jar_normal.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Warded Jar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.jar_void.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Void Jar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.lamp_arcane.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Lamp
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.lamp_fertility.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lamp of Fertility
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.lamp_growth.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lamp of Growth  
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.leaves_greatwood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.leaves_silverwood.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.levitator.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Levitator
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.liquid_death.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Death
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.log_greatwood.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Log
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.log_silverwood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Log
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_crate_common.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Common Crate
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_crate_rare.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Rare Crate
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_crate_uncommon.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Uncommon Crate
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_urn_common.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Common Urn
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_urn_rare.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rare Urn
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.loot_urn_uncommon.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Uncommon Urn
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.matrix_cost.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Cost Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.matrix_speed.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Speed Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.metal_alchemical_advanced.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Advanced Alchemical Construct
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.metal_brass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brass Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.metal_thaumium.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.metal_void.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Void Metal Block
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.mirror.*                                        # (default: true) PLACE Magic Mirror
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.mirror_essentia.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Mirror
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_black.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Black Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_blue.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Blue Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_brown.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Brown Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_cyan.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_gray.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Gray Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_green.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Green Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_lightblue.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_lime.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Lime Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_magenta.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_orange.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Orange Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_pink.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Pink Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_purple.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purple Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_red.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_silver.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_white.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE White Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.nitor_yellow.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Nitor
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.ore_amber.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Amber Bearing Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.ore_cinnabar.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cinnabar Ore
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.ore_quartz.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pattern_crafter.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pattern Crafter
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.paving_stone_barrier.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Barrier Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.paving_stone_travel.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Paving Stone of Travel
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pedestal_ancient.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pedestal_arcane.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pedestal_eldritch.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pillar_ancient.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pillar_arcane.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.pillar_eldritch.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Infusion Pillar
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_anvil.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_bars.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_brick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_cauldron.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_obsidian.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Infernal Furnace
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.placeholder_table.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Golem Press
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.plank_greatwood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Planks
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.plank_silverwood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Planks
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.potion_sprayer.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Potion Sprayer
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.purifying_fluid.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purifying Fluid
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.recharge_pedestal.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Recharge Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.redstone_relay.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Relay
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.research_table.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Research Table
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.sapling_greatwood.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Sapling
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.sapling_silverwood.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Sapling
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.shimmerleaf.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Shimmerleaf
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_ancient.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_brick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Brick Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_arcane_stone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_ancient.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_ancient.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_brick.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_arcane_brick.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_arcane_stone.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_arcane_stone.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_eldritch.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_eldritch.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_greatwood.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_greatwood.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_double_silverwood.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.slab_double_silverwood.name
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_eldritch.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_greatwood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.slab_silverwood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Slab
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.smelter_aux.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Auxiliary Slurry Pump
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.smelter_basic.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.smelter_thaumium.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Thaumium Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.smelter_vent.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Auxiliary Venting Port
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.smelter_void.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Void Metal Essentia Smeltery
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.spa.*                                           # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Spa
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stabilizer.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Stabilizer
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stairs_ancient.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stairs_arcane_brick.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stairs_greatwood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Greatwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stairs_silverwood.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Silverwood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_ancient.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_doorway.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Barrier
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_glyphed.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Glyphed Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_rock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Rock
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_ancient_tile.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Ancient Stone Tile
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_arcane.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_arcane_brick.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Arcane Stone Brick
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_eldritch_tile.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Eldritch Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.stone_porous.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Porous Stone
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.table_stone.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Table
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.table_wood.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wood Table
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_crust.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Crusted Taint
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_feature.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Swollen Taint
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_fibre.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fibrous Taint
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_geyser.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Taint Geyser
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_log.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Taintwood Log
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_rock.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Rock
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.taint_soil.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tainted Soil
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.thaumatorium.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.thaumatorium_top.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Thaumatorium
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube.*                                          # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Tube
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube_buffer.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Buffer
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube_filter.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Filtered Essentia Tube
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube_oneway.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Directional Essentia Tube
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube_restrict.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Restricted Essentia Tube
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.tube_valve.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Essentia Valve
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.vis_battery.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vis Battery
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.vis_generator.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vis Generator
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.vishroom.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Vishroom
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.void_siphon.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Void Siphon
fe.protection.trample.thaumcraft.wand_workbench.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Focal Manipulator
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.aurora_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Block
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.aurora_pillar.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Pillar
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.aurora_slab.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Aurora Slab
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.auroralized_glass.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Auroralized Glass
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.block_storage.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.BlockOfStorage.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.boss_spawner.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.BossSpawner.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.burnt_thorns.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Burnt Thorns
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_brick.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_door.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_door_vanished.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleDoorVanished.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_pillar.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastlePillar.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_rune_brick.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleMagic.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairs.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_stairs_brick.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_stairs_cracked.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsCracked.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_stairs_mossy.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_stairs_worn.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleStairsWorn.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.castle_unlock.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CastleUnlock.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.cicada.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cicada
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.cinder_furnace.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Cinder Furnace [NYI]
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.cinder_furnace_lit.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CinderFurnaceLit.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.cinder_log.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.CinderLog.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.dark_leaves.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Darkwood Leaves
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.deadrock.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Deadrock.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.double_aurora_slab.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.AuroraDoubleSlab.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.etched_nagastone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_mossy.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.etched_nagastone_weathered.*                # (default: true) PLACE Ruined Etched Nagastone
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.experiment_115.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.experiment115.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.fiery_essence.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.fiery_essence.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.fire_jet.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.FireJet.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.firefly.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Firefly
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.firefly_jar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Firefly Jar
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.fluffy_cloud.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Fluffy Cloud
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.force_field.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.ForceField.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.giant_cobblestone.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Giant Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.giant_leaves.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Giant Leaves
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.giant_log.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Giant Log
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.giant_obsidian.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Giant Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.hedge.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Hedge.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.huge_lilypad.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Huge Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.huge_mushgloom.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Huge Mushgloom
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.huge_stalk.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Huge Stalk
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.huge_waterlily.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Huge Water Lily
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.knightmetal_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Knightmetal
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.lapis_block.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block Of Lapis [NYI]
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.magic_leaves.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLeaves.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.magic_log.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLog.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.magic_log_core.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MagicLogSpecial.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.maze_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Mazestone.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.miniature_structure.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.MiniatureStructure.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.molten_fierymetal.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.fierymetal.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.molten_knightmetal.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.knightmetal.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.moonworm.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Moonworm
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.naga_stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Nagastone.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_mossy.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_pillar_weathered.*                # (default: true) PLACE Ruined Nagastone Pillar
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairs.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_mossy.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsMossy.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.nagastone_stairs_weathered.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.NagastoneStairsWeathered.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.root.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Roots.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.slider.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Slider.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.spiral_bricks.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Spiral Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.stronghold_shield.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Shield.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.thorn_rose.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Thorn Rose
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.thorns.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Thorns.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.tower_device.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerDevice.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.tower_translucent.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerTranslucent.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.tower_wood.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TowerStone.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trollber.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Trollber
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trollsteinn.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Trollsteinn
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trollvidr.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Trollvidr
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trophy.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.trophy_pedestal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.TrophyPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_leaves.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_leaves_3.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Leaves3.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_log.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Log.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_plant.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.Plant.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_portal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Forest Portal
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.twilight_sapling.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Twilight Sapling
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.uberous_soil.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Uberous Soil
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.uncrafting_table.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Uncrafting Table
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.underbrick.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.twilightforest.UnderBrick.name
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.unripe_trollber.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Unripe Trollber
fe.protection.trample.twilightforest.wispy_cloud.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Wispy Cloud
